

Q: I have completed all of the online content, but I cannot get a certificate of completion.
A: Please access via Chrome. If issuance is not possible even when accessing Chrome, please call 1811-2318 for cyber
education inquiries such as course status and certificate issuance. Answer o Please access via Chrome. If issuance is not
possible even when accessing Chrome, please call 1811-2318 for cyber education inquiries such as course status and certificate
issuance.

Q: The curriculum keeps dropping and won't play.
A: It seems that there are many users and the system is experiencing errors. Please reconnect after a while or use it in
the evening or morning when there are fewer users. Answer o It seems that there are many users and the system is
experiencing errors. Please reconnect after a while or use the evening or morning hours when there are fewer users.

Q: I signed up for a course, but it doesn't go past the authentication process.
A: If you are accessing with Internet Explorer, please proceed with Edge or Chrome. If this still does not work, please call
Cyber Education Inquiry at 1811-2318. Answer o If you are accessing with Internet Explorer, please proceed with Edge or
Chrome. If you still can't solve it, please call Cyber Education Inquiry at 1811-2318.

Q: What is the difference between individual classes and group classes in online content courses?
A: For individual classes, students enroll after registering individually, and for group classes, the person in charge of
training at a company/institution can directly manage the student's history by using the functions currently provided on the
personal information protection portal. Answer o Individual classes is a method of taking classes after registering individually,
and for group classes, the person in charge of training at a company or institution can directly manage the student's history by
using the functions currently provided in the personal information protection portal.

Q: There are several online content, do I have to take all the content on the list?
A: No. Since the mandatory class hours are not stipulated by law, you can attend 1 or 2 lectures. You can choose
the lecture that is most similar to your current job. Answer o No. Since the mandatory class hours are not stipulated by law, you
can attend 1 or 2 lectures. You can choose the lecture that is most similar to your current job.

Q: (On-site training) I have completed all of the training, but a certificate of completion is not issued.
A: In the application history search, please enter the applicant's name and authentication number (the back digit of the
mobile phone number) and search. o In the case of some trainees, a certificate of completion may not be issued due
to insufficient training completion standards during non-face-to-face training. In this case, please contact the education
operation office. Answer o Please enter the applicant's name and verification number (the last digit of the mobile phone
number) in the application history search and search. Please check if the name is written the same. o In the case of some
trainees, a certificate of completion may not be issued due to insufficient training completion standards during non-face-to-face
training. In this case, please contact the education management office.

Q: (On-site training) I don't know the certification number for the certificate of completion.

A: The certification number for issuing a certificate of completion refers to the certification number entered when applying
for training, and generally refers to the last 4 digits of the mobile phone number. Means the last 4 digits.

Q: (On-site training) What are the criteria for issuing a certificate of completion?



A: Whether it is non-face-to-face education or field education, it is recognized as completion when more than 80% of the entire
education (100%) is completed. o Actual on-site training (face-to-face training) will be completed based on the attendance record, and
non-face-to-face training will be confirmed based on the video training class playback rate. o The completion rate and renewal rate of
non-face-to-face education will be notified separately by e-mail or text message during the education operation process, so please refer
to them. Completion of the above is recognized as completion. o Actual on-site training (face-to-face training) will be completed based
on the attendance record, and non-face-to-face training will be confirmed based on the video training class playback rate. o Regarding
the completion rate and refresh rate of non-face-to-face education, you will be notified separately by e-mail or mobile phone text message
during the education operation process, so please refer to the relevant information.

Q: (On-site training) When can I get a certificate of completion?
A: You can get it issued on the personal information portal (Personal Information Protection Portal > Training Center > Field Training > My
Course History > Search Application History) one week after the lecture date. o In the case of the advanced (CPO) training course, since the
training period is 1 week, you can receive it 2 weeks after the training date. Answer o 1 week after the lecture date ÿ You can get it from My
Course History > View Application History). o In the case of the advanced (CPO) training course, since the training period is one week, it can
be issued two weeks after the training date.

Q: (On-site training) I am an applicant for personal information protection training. Is it mandatory to bring a laptop?
A: Depending on the type of group training, a laptop may be required. For example, in the 2021 pseudonymous processing
practitioner course, verification specialist course, and reserve manpower course, you must guide your personal laptop and attend
training. o However, some trainings do not require a laptop, so please check the training guide for more accurate information. Answer
o Depending on the type of group training, a laptop may be required. For example, in the 2021 pseudonymous processing practitioner
course, verification specialist course, and reserve manpower course, you must guide your personal laptop and attend training. o
However, some training does not require a laptop, so please check the training guide for more accurate information.

Q: (On-site training) Is parking support available for trainees?
A: Parking support for trainees is not provided unless there are exceptional cases. o For more information, please refer to the
education information mail. Answer o Parking support for trainees is not provided unless there are exceptional cases. o Please
refer to the training guide mail for the relevant information.

Q: (On-site training) Due to urgent circumstances, I was unable to attend the last training session. Can I complete the course in
this case?
A: Offline training is recognized as completion if you attend more than 80% of the total training time. Answer o Offline
training is recognized as completion if you attend more than 80% of the total training time.

Q: Can non-face-to-face education be retaken?
A: Training provided live in real time cannot be retaken. In the case of training without a separate notice, the video is not posted after
the live ends, so it is not possible to retake the course. o (Exception) The advanced course on privacy protection (CPO training) can
be retaken for 7 days, including the live lecture day. Answer o Real-time live training cannot be retaken. In the case of training without
a separate notice, the video is not posted after the live ends, so it is not possible to retake the course. o (Exception) The advanced
personal information protection training course (CPO training) can be retaken for 7 days, including the live lecture day.



Q: How will the attendance check for non-face-to-face education be done?
A: There may be slight differences depending on the non-face-to-face education method and the education operation method. o
In the case of non-face-to-face training in 2021, when you access a specific site and take training according to the information you
know, the history is automatically saved and recorded in the system, so you do not need to check attendance separately. o However,
since the method of completing the training may differ for each training, please be sure to accurately check the training guide provided
separately. Answer o There may be slight differences depending on the non-face-to-face training method and the training operation
method. o In the case of non-face-to-face training in 2021, when you access a specific site and take training according to the information
you know, the history is automatically saved and recorded in the system, so you do not need to check attendance separately. o
However, since the training completion method may differ from training to training, please be sure to accurately check the training
guide provided separately.

Q: What do I do if the lecture keeps getting cut off when I take non-face-to-face training?
A: The screen tearing is related to the Internet line, and the freezing can be improved by lowering the image quality
through the image quality setting. o In the case of a PC, it can be improved by changing the speed priority mode to the basic
mode, or try reconnecting after closing all browsers. Attendance time is then checked. Answer o The screen cut off is related to the
Internet line, so if you lower the picture quality through the picture quality setting, the freeze can be improved. o In the case of a PC, it
can be improved by changing the speed priority mode to the basic mode, or try reconnecting after closing all browsers. Attendance
time will be checked afterwards.

Q: I can't access the training site from my company's PC.
A: Depending on the organization (e.g. government agency, government-affiliated organization, etc.), access to external Internet
services may not be possible. In this case, you can use an external network or take training in a mobile environment where an external
network is available. Answer o Depending on the organization (e.g. government agency, government-affiliated organization, etc.)
there is. In this case, you can use an external network or take training in a mobile environment where an external network is available.

Q: Is there any special equipment required for non-face-to-face real-time live training?
A: Non-face-to-face education is a live internet lecture and is not a real-time meeting, so it does not use webcam or microphone
functions. For reference, if you need a question to the instructor, please use the chat window. Answer o Since non-face-to-face
training is a live internet lecture and not a real-time meeting, we do not use webcams or microphones. For reference, if you need a
question to the instructor, please use the chat window.

Q: I didn't receive training notification texts and emails.
A: The training information text and email are sent to the text and email you provided when applying for training, so please
enter your information accurately. o In some cases, training guidance emails may be stored as spam text messages or in your spam
mailbox, so please check your spam mailbox. Answer o Training guidance texts and emails are sent to the text and email you
provided when applying for training, so enter the information accurately. Please do. o In some cases, training information emails may
be stored as spam text messages or in your spam mailbox, so please check your spam mailbox.

Q: I thought it was an on-site training, but I received an e-mail saying that the training will be conducted non-face-to-face. What
is non-face-to-face education?



A: On-site training is based on offline face-to-face training. However, due to the COVID-19 pandemic, it was inevitably switched to a nonface-to-face curriculum. o Non-face-to-face education is the same as on-site education in that it is conducted according to a pre-determined
training time and end time, but the contents of the education are delivered to trainees through separate Internet broadcasting programs
such as Naver Band and Zoom. It's possible. o In 2021, personal information protection education is being provided through Naver Band,
and if the COVID-19 situation improves, it may be switched to offline (collective education) like the original education method, in which
case we will inform you through notices. .Answer o On-site training is based on offline face-to-face training. However, due to the COVID-19
pandemic, it was inevitably switched to a non-face-to-face curriculum. o Non-face-to-face education is the same as on-site education in that
it is conducted according to a pre-determined training time and end time, but the contents of the education are delivered to trainees through
separate Internet broadcasting programs such as Naver Band and Zoom. It's possible. o In 2021, personal information protection education
is being provided through Naver Band, and if the COVID-19 situation improves, it may be switched to offline (collective education) like the
original education method, in which case we will inform you through notices. .

Q: I applied for field training. How can I check my application details (history)?
A: You can check the details of your application at Personal Information Protection Portal -> Training Center -> Field Training -> My
Course Details (authentication number is the last 4 digits of your mobile phone). Answer o Privacy Portal -> Training Center -> Field
Training -> You can check the contents of your application in My Course History (authentication number is the last 4 digits of your
mobile phone).

Q: The application for training is closed, but is there any way to receive training?
A: Currently, the maximum number of applicants is accepted, and additional applications cannot be made in the system. Please
apply for the next round of training. o However, additional waitlists are being accepted only for [Pseudonymization training]. Please
contact the Education Management Office (061-820-2905/2906). Answer o Currently, the maximum number of applicants is being
accepted, and additional applications cannot be accepted in the system. Please apply for the next round of training. o However, additional
waitlists are being accepted only for [Pseudonymization training]. Please contact the Education Management Office (061-820-2905/2906).

Q: I want to apply for on-site training on the personal information protection portal. What is the application period?
A: 2021 personal information protection field training application period: 10:00 on the 10th of the previous month to 18:00 on the 20th of
the training date. (Regardless of the day of the week, application will be accepted on the applicable date. It is accepted on a first-come,
first-served basis and may close early.) o Application period for pseudonymization training: 10:00 to 18:00 on the 30th day of the month
preceding the training date (regardless of the day of the week) Applications will be accepted on the date, first-come, first-served basis,
and may close early) o However, the application period and criteria may vary depending on the time, so please keep checking the notices
on the privacy protection portal. Answer o 2021 Application period for on-site training on personal information protection: 10:00 on the
10th of the previous month to 18:00 on the 20th of the month before the training date. (Regardless of the day of the week, application will
be accepted on the applicable date. It is accepted on a first-come, first-served basis and may close early.) o Application period for
pseudonymization training: 10:00 to 18:00 on the 30th day of the month preceding the training date (regardless of the day of the week)
Application will be accepted on the date, first-come, first-served basis, and may close early) o However, since the application period and
criteria may vary from time to time, please keep checking the notices on the privacy protection portal.

Q: I am a public institution subject to personal information protection level diagnosis. The person in charge of personal information
protection said that you must take training on the portal, is that true?
A: It is not mandatory for the personal information protection officer and person in charge to complete training provided by the portal. o
Nevertheless, the online course of the personal information protection portal and the on-site training course



Depending on the purpose of the organization, there may be institutions or companies that utilize it for their own purposes. For more
precise questions about this, please contact the relevant organization. Answer o The person in charge of personal information
protection and the person in charge do not necessarily have to complete the education provided by the portal. o Nevertheless, there
may be institutions or companies that utilize the online courses and on-site training courses of the privacy protection portal for their
own purposes according to the purpose of the organization. For more specific issues regarding this, please contact the relevant organization.

Q: It is said that you must submit a certificate of training from the portal to the public institution's personal information protection level
diagnosis, is that correct?
A: What is required in the public institution's personal information protection level diagnosis is to confirm whether or not the personal
information protection education has been completed, but does not require a specific course to be specified and completed. It is okay to
complete and submit not only personal information protection portals, but also seminars, conferences, and training hosted by private
companies or other public institutions. It is to confirm whether or not, but it is not required to designate and complete a specific course. It is
okay to complete and submit seminars, conferences, trainings, etc. hosted by private companies or other public institutions, as well as
personal information protection portals.

Q: Should personal information protection education be provided offline only through collective education?
A: As for the education method, it is okay to operate education through various methods such as online education, video education,
non-face-to-face remote education, as well as offline education, and it is okay to change the operation method every time. Of course, it
is okay to operate education through various methods such as online video education and non-face-to-face remote education, and it is
okay to change the operation method every time.

Q: Should personal information protection training be conducted only with specific pre-defined topics?
A: No. The subject of personal information protection education can be freely determined according to the environment of the institution or company.
Understanding of personal information protection, measures to ensure the safety of personal information, protective measures for each stage of personal
information processing, cases of violation of the Personal Information Protection Act, leakage/exposure of personal information Training can be provided on
a variety of topics, such as case analysis, misuse of personal information, and civil complaints of information subject's personal information infringement. Answer o
No. The subject of personal information protection education can be freely determined according to the environment of the institution or company. Understanding of
personal information protection, measures to ensure the safety of personal information, protective measures for each stage of personal information processing, cases
of violation of the Personal Information Protection Act, leakage/exposure of personal information You can conduct training on various topics such as case analysis,
misuse of personal information, and civil complaints of information subject's personal information infringement.

Q: Is there a separate training course that the person in charge of personal information protection must take?
A: The person in charge and the person in charge of personal information protection require more specialized knowledge than general
personal information handlers because they are responsible for the organization's personal information protection activities. In addition,
among personal information handlers, the content of training should be different depending on the position and title of the handler, the
contents of the job in charge, and the job proficiency. o However, the relevant curriculum is not separately specified, and when establishing
personal information protection training within the organization, consider what kind of training course is needed and take appropriate
training courses in various forms, such as hiring external instructors, consigning external training institutions, and self-operating. It is
desirable to plan and operate. Answer o Since the person in charge and person in charge of personal information protection is responsible
for the organization's personal information protection activities, they require more specialized knowledge than general personal information
handlers. In addition, among personal information handlers, the content of training should be different depending on the position and title
of the handler, the contents of the job in charge, and the job proficiency. o However, the relevant curriculum is not separately specified, and
when establishing personal information protection training within the organization, consider what kind of training course is needed and take
appropriate training courses in various forms, such as hiring external instructors, consigning external training institutions, and self-operating.
It is desirable to plan, plan, and operate.



Q: If it is a company or institution that handles personal information, should all employees working for that organization receive training?

A: Not really. The subject of mandatory personal information protection education is the personal information handler who handles
personal information such as customer information and internal employee information within the organization, such as the company or
institution. Answer o No. Personal information protection education is mandatory for personal information handlers who handle personal
information such as customer information and internal employee information within organizations such as companies or institutions.

Q: Do I have to take the personal information protection education at the personal information protection portal (privacy.go.kr)?
A: The training course provided by the personal information protection portal is a general training course opened to help
stakeholders in personal information protection, such as personal information processors, handlers, and information subjects,
understand personal information protection. You can use not only the training courses provided directly from the privacy portal, but also
paid/free training courses by professional instructors, personal information protection or information protection experts provided by other
organizations and companies. Answer o From the privacy protection portal The provided training course is a general training course
opened to help stakeholders in personal information protection, such as personal information processors, handlers, and information
subjects, understand personal information protection. You can use not only the training courses provided directly from the personal
information protection portal, but also paid/free training courses by experts in personal information protection or information protection
provided by a pool of professional instructors, other organizations and companies.

Q: Is personal information protection education legally compulsory? What is the rationale for that?
A: Personal information protection education is legally compulsory education. Articles 28 and 26 of the Personal
Information Protection Act stipulate that those in charge of handling personal information who are entrusted with processing
personal information or who are entrusted with the processing of personal information must conduct necessary training on a
regular basis to ensure proper handling of personal information. .Answer o Personal information protection education is legally
compulsory education. Articles 28 and 26 of the Personal Information Protection Act stipulate that those in charge of handling
personal information who are entrusted with processing personal information or who are entrusted with the processing of
personal information must conduct necessary training on a regular basis to ensure proper handling of personal information. .

Q: Can I use the online training courses on the portal as my company's own training?
A: In order to support voluntary education of personal information processors (institutions, companies, etc.), online education
contents that are being serviced on the personal information protection portal are provided to personal information controllers in the form
of MP4 files free of charge. - If you are a personal information manager who wants online education content, please apply for joint use of
online education content for personal information protection. ÿ Personal information protection portal>Education field>Online education
(group classes)>Application for content sharing Provision to third parties and use for commercial purposes are prohibited. - Also, please
cooperate as much as possible when replying to training results using personal information protection training contents (collected at the
end of December every year) and requesting contents to be current. In order to protect personal information, we provide online education
contents that are being serviced on the personal information protection portal in the form of a file (MP4) to the personal information manager
for free. - If you are a personal information manager who wants online education content, please apply for joint use of online education
content for personal information protection. ÿ Personal information protection portal>Education field>Online education (group
classes)>Application for content sharing Provision to third parties and use for commercial purposes are prohibited. - Also, please cooperate
as much as possible when replying to training results using personal information protection training contents (collected at the end of
December every year) and requesting the current contents.



Q: I am a business owner, can I take the 'Individual Class (National)' course?
A: The 'personal information protection (citizens)' course is a process to raise awareness of personal information protection and practice
of personal information information subjects. If the purpose of taking personal information protection education is to complete personal
information protection education You must take the 'Individual Course (Business)' course in the information protection portal. Answer o The
'Individual Course (Citizen)' course is a process to raise awareness of personal information protection and practice of personal information
information subjects. If the purpose of taking protection education is to complete personal information protection education in accordance with
the Personal Information Protection Act, you must take the 'Individual Course (Business)' course in the Personal Information Protection Portal.

Q: As a business operator, which course should I take between the 'Public and General Business' course and the 'Online Business' course?

A: Among the online training courses on the personal information protection portal, you must take the 'Curriculum (Business)'. Among the
various training courses in 'Curriculum (Business)', please select the course that suits the nature of the field you are engaged in. ÿ Personal
Information Protection Portal>Education Center>Online Education (Individual Classes)>Curriculum (Business) You can take the course. ÿ
Personal information protection portal>Education field>Online education (private classes)>Curriculum (operator)>Public and general
operators , go to the 'Online Business' menu and take the required training course. ÿ Personal information protection portal>Education
field>Online education (individual class)>Curriculum (operator)>Online operator answer o You must take 'Curriculum (operator)' among the
online training courses on the personal information protection portal. Among the various training courses in 'Curriculum (Business)', please
select the course that suits the nature of the field you are engaged in. ÿ Personal Information Protection Portal>Education Center>Online
Education (Individual Classes)>Curriculum (Business) You can take the course. ÿ Personal information protection portal>Education
field>Online education (private classes)>Curriculum (operator)>Public and general operators , go to the 'Online Business' menu and take the
required training course. ÿ Personal information protection portal>Education field>Online education (individual class)>Curriculum (business
operator)>Online business operator

Q: Even if I receive professional talent training using pseudonymous information, can it be recognized as legally compulsory training?
A: In the case of personal information handlers (including general employees) and personal information protection officers, even if they receive professional talent training using
pseudonymous information, they can be recognized as personal information protection training in accordance with the Personal Information Protection Act. Answer o Personal information
handlers (including general employees) In the case of personal information protection personnel and personal information protection personnel, even if they receive professional talent
training for the use of pseudonymous information, they can be recognized as personal information protection education in accordance with the Personal Information Protection Act.

Q: Is there a separate educational institution for personal information protection?
A: The Personal Information Protection Commission entrusts the Korea Internet & Security Agency with the authority for personal information
protection education. There is no organization other than the Korea Internet & Security Agency that has been entrusted with personal information
protection education. - Personal information protection education has no restrictions on the education method, so in addition to the education
conducted by the Korea Internet & Security Agency, education can be conducted in a form that can be used by companies and institutions,
such as in-house education, external education, commissioned education, online education, and instructor utilization. o Occasionally, there are
companies that claim to provide free personal information protection education and promote financial products that have nothing to do with
personal information protection education, so please be careful not to be victimized. The business authority is entrusted to the Korea Internet
and Security Agency. There is no organization other than the Korea Internet & Security Agency that has been entrusted with personal
information protection education. - Personal information protection education depends on the education method



There are no restrictions, so you can conduct training in a form that can be used by companies and institutions, such as
in-house training, external training, commissioned training, online training, and instructor utilization, in addition to the training
conducted by the Korea Internet and Security Agency. o Occasionally, there are companies that claim to provide free personal
information protection education and promote financial products that have nothing to do with personal information protection
education.

Q: Is it necessary to establish an education plan for personal information protection education?
A: In order to ensure proper handling of personal information, the personal information manager should regularly provide
necessary training to personal information handlers. (Personal Information Protection Act, Article 28 Paragraph 2) Personal information manager in handling personal information An internal management plan for technical, administrative, and
physical safety measures necessary to secure safety must be established and implemented to prevent personal information from
being lost, stolen, leaked, forged, falsified, or damaged. In the internal management plan, matters related to training of personal
information handlers must be included. (Article 29, Paragraph 4 of the Personal Information Protection Act) - In addition, personal
information protection managers within companies and institutions must establish and implement personal information protection
education plans. (Personal Information Protection Act, Article 31 Paragraph 2) o Matters concerning education shall include the
purpose of education, subject of education, content of education (including programs, etc.), schedule and method of education,
etc. It can be stipulated in the internal management plan, etc. or established in the form of “•• personal information protection
education plan (draft)”. o Training content needs to be different depending on the status and title of the personal information
handler, the content of the job in charge, and the job skill level. Please conduct training, including professional technology training
for each field to perform the relevant duties, as well as matters you must know, such as laws and systems related to personal
information protection, and internal management plans. (Article 28, Paragraph 2 of the Personal Information Protection Act) - The
personal information manager must ensure that personal information is lost, stolen, leaked, falsified, or altered while handling
personal information. Or, an internal management plan for technical, managerial, and physical safety measures necessary to
secure safety must be established and implemented so as not to be damaged. In the internal management plan, matters related
to training of personal information handlers must be included. (Article 29, Paragraph 4 of the Personal Information Protection Act)
- In addition, personal information protection managers within companies and institutions must establish and implement personal
information protection education plans. (Personal Information Protection Act, Article 31 Paragraph 2) o Matters concerning
education shall include the purpose of education, subject of education, content of education (including programs, etc.), schedule
and method of education, etc. It can be stipulated in the internal management plan, etc. or established in the form of “•• personal
information protection education plan (draft)”. o Training content needs to be different depending on the status and title of the
personal information handler, the content of the job in charge, and the job skill level. Please conduct training including matters you
must know, such as laws and systems related to personal information protection, and internal management plans, as well as
professional technology training for each field to perform the relevant duties.

Q: Should CPO training be conducted separately from general employees?
A: Personal information protection education needs to be different depending on the position, position, job content, work
skills, etc. In the case of the CPO (Chief Privacy Officer), personal information protection is not the same education as
general employees The training results of the person in charge are submitted. o CPO training is the same as training for
general employees, etc., and there are no restrictions on training methods. You can proceed in a form that can be used by
companies and institutions, such as in-house training, external training, commissioned training, online training, and using
instructors. - The Personal Information Protection Commission and Korea Internet & Security Agency conduct personal
information protection training every year so that CPOs can conveniently receive training regardless of geographic and economic
conditions. Education information is provided through the personal information protection portal (www.privacy.go.kr), so please
refer to it when establishing a training plan. It is necessary to do it differently, and in the case of the CPO (Chief Privacy Officer),
the training results of the personal information protection officer are submitted, not the same training as general employees. o
CPO training for general employees



There is no restriction on the method of education as in the education of the back. You can proceed in a form that can be
used by companies and institutions, such as in-house training, external training, commissioned training, online training, and
using instructors. - The Personal Information Protection Commission and Korea Internet & Security Agency conduct personal
information protection training every year so that CPOs can conveniently receive training regardless of geographic and economic
conditions. Education information is provided through the personal information protection portal (www.privacy.go.kr), so please
refer to it for planning your education.

Q: Do I have to divide personal information protection training by target?
A: Personal information protection education needs to be different depending on the position and position, the contents of
the job in charge, and the job skill level, etc., and it is necessary to provide professional technology training for each field to
perform the job, as well as personal information protection related laws and systems, internal management Please conduct
training including matters you must be aware of, such as plans. Answer o Personal information protection training needs to be
different depending on the position/position, the content of the job in charge, the job skill level, etc. In addition to professional
technology training by field, please conduct training including matters you must know, such as laws and systems related to personal
information protection and internal management plans.

Q: If I took personal information protection training outside of the company, is it recognized as training?
A: If proof of completion of personal information protection training (certificate of attendance, certificate of completion, etc.) is
issued, the training on personal information protection taken from outside is also recognized. etc.) is issued, personal information
protection training taken from outside is also recognized.

Q: Question 83. Is online education recognized as education for personal information handlers?
A: If a certificate of completion or evidence is issued after taking online training provided on the privacy portal (www.privacy.go.kr)
homepage or other online education websites, it is recognized as training. Answer o Privacy portal (www.privacy.go.kr) .privacy.go.kr)
If a certificate of completion or evidence is issued after taking an online education provided on the homepage or other online
education websites, it is recognized as education.

Q: Is there a designated number of times per year or compulsory course hours for personal information protection training?

A: It is not explicitly stipulated. Personal information processors (e.g. public institutions, private companies) can establish training
plans necessary for the organization's environment in advance, and can stipulate training methods and training hours based on the
training plans. For example, you can plan training twice a year, once per half year, and even in terms of training method, you can set
the frequency and time differently, such as 1 hour of online training in the first half and 1 hour of offline training in the second
half. .Answer o Not explicitly stipulated. Personal information processors (e.g. public institutions, private companies) can establish
training plans necessary for the organization's environment in advance, and can stipulate training methods and training hours based
on the training plans. For example, you can plan training twice a year, once per half year, and even in terms of training method, you
can set the frequency and time differently, such as 1 hour of online training in the first half and 1 hour of offline training in the second
half. .

Q: Is personal information protection training mandatory for small businesses?
A: In any workplace that handles personal information, regardless of the number of employees, personal information handlers who
handle personal information (collection, storage, record, retention, search, provision, etc.) must receive training. - There are no
restrictions on training methods, so you can conduct training using online training (printing certificates of completion), self-training
using training materials, and training by inviting instructors on the personal information protection portal. However, to prove the
implementation of training, you can create result materials (ex. training result report including certificate of attendance, certificate of
completion, signature of attendees, training materials, etc.) internally at the workplace. Answer o



Regardless of the number of employees, personal information handlers who process (collect, store, record, retain, search,
provide, etc.) personal information must receive training. - There are no restrictions on training methods, so you can conduct
training using online training (printing certificates of completion), self-training using training materials, and training by inviting
instructors on the personal information protection portal. However, to prove the implementation of training, you can create result
materials (ex. training result report including certificate of attendance, certificate of completion, signatures of attendees, training
materials, etc.) internally at the workplace.

Q: What should be the content of personal information protection education?
A: The content of training should also vary according to the status and position of the personal information handler, the content of the job in
charge, and the level of job proficiency. - The contents of education include the importance of personal information protection, implementation
of technical, managerial and physical protection measures to secure personal information safety, procedures and responsibilities of personal
information protection work, precautions for handling and management of personal information, and procedures for responding to leakage of
personal information. Please organize the contents according to the target of training. o Since there is no limit to the training method, it can be
used by companies and institutions, such as in-house (in-house) training, external training, consignment training, online training, use of
professional instructors, and on-site training by the Personal Information Protection Commission. You can proceed with. However, please make
evidence that the personal information handler has taken the personal information protection training (ex. certificate of attendance, certificate of
completion, signature of attendees, training result report including training materials, etc.) as evidence. Training method How to use In-house
(in-house) training Training is possible using the personal information protection training materials provided by the privacy protection portal.
Online training Training is possible using the online training courses provided by the privacy protection portal. A certificate of completion can be
issued after training completion Utilization of personal information protection instructors Invited personal information protection instructors from
the personal information protection portal to conduct in-house training, Institutions and companies directly contact professional instructors to
negotiate lecture schedules, etc. On-site training on personal information protection Through the personal information protection portal, you can
apply for on-site training notified by the Personal Information Protection Committee, and after completing the training, you can issue a certificate
of completion through the personal information protection portal. o The Personal Information Protection Committee implements personal
information protection training for companies and institutions For support, educational materials are disclosed and provided free of charge on the
personal information protection portal (privacy.go.kr), so please use them for training. Depending on the level of proficiency, the content of training
should also be different. - The contents of education include the importance of personal information protection, implementation of technical,
managerial and physical protection measures to secure personal information safety, procedures and responsibilities of personal information
protection work, precautions for handling and management of personal information, and procedures for responding to leakage of personal
information. Please organize the contents according to the target of training. o Since there is no limit to the training method, it can be used by
companies and institutions, such as in-house (in-house) training, external training, consignment training, online training, use of professional
instructors, and on-site training by the Personal Information Protection Commission. You can proceed with. However, please make evidence that
the personal information handler has taken the personal information protection training (ex. certificate of attendance, certificate of completion,
signature of attendees, training result report including training materials, etc.) as evidence. Training method How to use In-house (in-house)
training Training is possible using the personal information protection training materials provided by the privacy protection portal. Online training
Training is possible using the online training courses provided by the privacy protection portal. A certificate of completion can be issued after
training completion Utilization of personal information protection instructors Invited personal information protection instructors from the personal
information protection portal to conduct in-house training, Institutions and companies directly contact professional instructors to negotiate lecture
schedules, etc. On-site training on personal information protection Through the personal information protection portal, you can apply for on-site
training notified by the Personal Information Protection Committee, and after completing the training, you can issue a certificate of completion
through the personal information protection portal. o The Personal Information Protection Committee implements personal information protection
training for companies and institutions For support, educational materials are disclosed and provided free of charge on the personal information
protection portal (privacy.go.kr), so please use them for education.

Q: Do I have to take privacy training?



A: In accordance with Article 28, Paragraph 2 of the Personal Information Protection Act, personal information handlers* must
regularly conduct necessary training for personal information handlers. * Refers to public institutions, corporations, organizations,
business operators, and individuals who process personal information by themselves or through others in order to operate personal
information files for business purposes.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

-------------------------------------------------- --------------- <Personal information protection education: Provided to personal information
handlers in accordance with Article 28 of the Personal Information Protection Act> ÿ Personal information controllers manage
personal information safely while processing it (hereinafter referred to as "personal information handler"), such as executives
and employees, dispatched workers, and part-time workers, who process personal information under the direction and supervision
of the personal information manager, must be properly managed and supervised. ÿ In order to ensure proper handling of personal
information, the personal information manager must regularly conduct necessary training for personal information handlers.
-------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------- ------- -------------------------------------------------- --------------o For personal information protection training, an annual personal information protection training plan must be established internally
so that personal information handlers participate in training for a certain amount of time. ÿ Personal information protection
portal>Resources>Education materials (Refer to the reference form for personal information education) Answer o Pursuant to Article
28, Paragraph 2 of the Personal Information Protection Act, personal information processors* conduct necessary training for personal
information handlers on a regular basis. Must do. * Refers to public institutions, corporations, organizations, business operators, and
individuals who process personal information by themselves or through others in order to operate personal information files for
business purposes.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

-------------------------------------------------- --------------- <Personal information protection education: Provided to personal information
handlers in accordance with Article 28 of the Personal Information Protection Act> ÿ Personal information controllers manage
personal information safely while processing it (hereinafter referred to as "personal information handler"), such as executives
and employees, dispatched workers, and part-time workers, who process personal information under the direction and supervision
of the personal information manager, must be properly managed and supervised. ÿ In order to ensure proper handling of personal
information, the personal information manager must regularly conduct necessary training for personal information handlers.
-------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------- ------- -------------------------------------------------- --------------o For personal information protection training, an annual personal information protection training plan must be established internally
so that personal information handlers participate in training for a certain amount of time. ÿ Personal information protection
portal>Resources>Education materials (refer to the reference form for personal information education)

Q: What is the criterion for classifying into public institutions, small business owners, and private companies in "Create personal information processing
policy" in the portal?

A: Public institutions refer to 'public institutions' in Article 2, Subparagraph 6 of the Personal Information Protection Act. Others
are private, and if the number of employees is 4 or less, it is a small business. It means 'institution', and the others are private,
and if the number of employees is 4 or less, it is a small business.

Q: What should be the title of the personal information processing policy in "Create personal information processing policy"
in the portal? A: The title of the personal information processing policy can usually be set as "Personal information processing
policy". You can also call it "Policy". Answer You can usually set the title of the personal information processing policy as "Personal
information processing policy", and you can also call it "0000 Personal information processing policy" by attaching the name of the
institution.



Q: What should be the safety measures for CCTV?
A: The following items, such as access control and management of access rights, must be observed. Internal
management plan: Matters related to the role and responsibilities of the person in charge of personal image information
protection, matters related to physical, technical, and managerial protection measures for personal image information, matters
related to regular self-audits, and training for personal information handlers, etc. (Small business owners (type 1) who have
personal information on less than 10,000 information subjects are not obliged to prepare an internal management plan) Access
control and management of access rights: Differential authorizations and management for administrator account and viewing
account for system and image information files, access by installation of firewall in case of network camera IP restriction measures,
etc. Technical measures such as encryption during storage and transmission: In case of transmission, encryption measures,
password setting for video information storage media or video information files, etc. Storage of processing records: record
management in video information management ledger, in case of public institutions, system logs such as access logs, browsing
logs, deletion logs, etc. Storage and management for more than 1 year · Physical protection measures: Preparation of video
information storage facilities or measures to physically restrict access, such as installation of locks Answer Access control and
management of access rights, etc. The following items must be observed. Internal management plan: Matters related to the role
and responsibilities of the person in charge of personal image information protection, matters related to physical, technical, and
managerial protection measures for personal image information, matters related to regular self-audits, and training for personal
information handlers, etc. (Small business owners (type 1) who have personal information on less than 10,000 information subjects
are not obliged to prepare an internal management plan) Access control and management of access rights: Differential
authorizations and management for administrator account and viewing account for system and image information files, access by
installation of firewall in case of network camera IP restriction measures, etc. Technical measures such as encryption during
storage and transmission: In case of transmission, encryption measures, password setting for video information storage media or
video information files, etc. Storage of processing records: record management in video information management ledger, in case
of public institutions, system logs such as access logs, browsing logs, deletion logs, etc. Storage and management for more than
1 year Physical protection measures: Preparation of video information storage facilities or measures to restrict physical access,
such as installation of locking devices

Q: Under what circumstances is access to CCTV video information permitted and what procedure should be followed?
A: The personal information controller can only allow the information subject to view the video information in which the information
subject himself was filmed. If the video information includes a person other than the information subject who requested viewing, it
must be viewed after processing such that the individual cannot be identified, such as masking. In addition, in any of the following
cases, personal information may be used for purposes other than the intended purpose or provided to a third party, except when
there is a risk of unreasonably infringing on the interests of the subject of information or a third party. . However, ÿ~ÿ is limited to
cases where public institutions provide information. ÿ When separate consent is obtained from the data subject ÿ When there are
special provisions in other laws ÿ When the information subject or his/her legal representative is unable to express his/her intention
or cannot obtain prior consent due to unknown address, etc. If it is recognized as necessary for the immediate interests of life,
body, or property of the subject or a third party ÿ If personal information is not used for purposes other than the intended purpose
or provided to a third party, the duties prescribed by other laws cannot be performed. ÿ Cases where there is no need for foreign
information or provision to international organizations for the implementation of treaties and other international agreements ÿ
Cases necessary for criminal investigations and prosecution and maintenance ÿ Courts When it is necessary for the performance
of the trial of the court ÿ When it is necessary for the execution of punishment, probation, and protective disposition There is no
particular restriction on the method of requesting access by the data subject, but in the case of public institutions, a request for
viewing and existence confirmation of personal image information application must be made with The operator of the image data
processing device who has received a viewing request must take necessary measures without delay, and must confirm whether
the person making the viewing request is the person or a legitimate agent by submitting an identification document such as a
resident registration card, driver's license, or passport. The operator of the image information processing device shall take
measures against the request to view the image information, and then record and manage the following matters. (In this case,
personal information protection



It is possible to use the 'Personal Video Information Management Ledger' in accordance with Form No. 3 of the Standard Guidelines) ÿ Name
and contact information of the data subject who requested viewing of the personal video information ÿ Name and contents of the personal
video information file requested to view the information subject ÿ Purpose of viewing personal image information ÿ Specific reason for refusal
in case of refusal to view personal image information ÿ In case a copy of personal image information is provided to the information subject,
the content of the image information and the reason provided Only the video information in which the subject himself has been photographed
can be viewed to the relevant information subject. If the video information includes a person other than the information subject who requested
viewing, it must be viewed after processing such that the individual cannot be identified, such as masking. In addition, in any of the following
cases, personal information may be used for purposes other than the intended purpose or provided to a third party, except when there is a
risk of unreasonably infringing on the interests of the subject of information or a third party. . However, ÿ~ÿ is limited to cases where public
institutions provide information. ÿ When separate consent is obtained from the data subject ÿ When there are special provisions in other laws
ÿ When the information subject or his/her legal representative is unable to express his/her intention or cannot obtain prior consent due to
unknown address, etc. If it is recognized as necessary for the immediate interests of life, body, or property of the subject or a third party ÿ If
personal information is not used for purposes other than the intended purpose or provided to a third party, the duties prescribed by other laws
cannot be performed. ÿ Cases where there is no need for foreign information or provision to international organizations for the implementation
of treaties and other international agreements ÿ Cases necessary for criminal investigations and prosecution and maintenance ÿ Courts When
it is necessary for the performance of the trial of the court ÿ When it is necessary for the execution of punishment, probation, and protective
disposition There is no particular restriction on the method of requesting access by the data subject, but in the case of public institutions, a
request for viewing and existence confirmation of personal image information application must be made with The operator of the image data
processing device who has received a viewing request must take necessary measures without delay, and must confirm whether the person
making the viewing request is the person or a legitimate agent by submitting an identification document such as a resident registration card,
driver's license, or passport. The operator of the image information processing device shall record and manage the following after taking
measures against the request to view the image information. Possible) ÿ Name and contact information of the information subject who
requested viewing of personal image information ÿ Name and contents of the personal image information file requested for viewing of personal
image information ÿ Purpose of viewing personal image information ÿ Person who refused to view personal image information, etc. ÿ If a copy
of personal image information is provided to the information subject, the content of the image information and the reason for providing it

Q: What are the standards for the size and material of information boards?
A: We did not set a standard because circumstances differ by place and situation. It should be installed so that the information subject can
see it well within the shooting range. <Examples of information board and homepage content> Information on CCTV installation ÿ Purpose
of installation: Crime prevention and facility safety ÿ Installation location: Building entrance ÿ Filming range: 50M in all directions ÿ Filming
time: 24 hours ÿ Manager: OO Division Hong Gil-dong ( 02-OOO -OOOO ) Answer Because circumstances differ by place and situation, we
did not set a standard. It should be installed so that the information subject can see it well within the shooting range. <Examples of information
board and homepage content> Information on CCTV installation ÿ Purpose of installation: Crime prevention and facility safety ÿ Installation
location: Building entrance ÿ Filming range: 50M in all directions ÿ Filming time: 24 hours ÿ Manager: OO Division Hong Gil-dong ( 02-OOO
-OOOO)

Q: Should information boards be installed wherever CCTV is installed?
A: It is a principle to install an information board for each CCTV installed in a public place, but in case of operating multiple CCTVs in a
building, the entire facility or place is an area where the video information processing device is installed, such as at an entrance where
information subjects can see it while entering and exiting. Information boards may be installed. In addition, when a public institution
installs for the purpose of long-distance filming, speeding/signal violation enforcement, or traffic flow investigation, it corresponds to
cases where there is little concern about personal information infringement, or it is impossible to install a guide board due to locational
characteristics such as forest fire monitoring, or Even if it is installed, if the information subject cannot easily recognize it, it is replaced by
the installation of the information board and is displayed on the Internet homepage of the operator of the image information processing device.



The purpose and place of CCTV installation, shooting range and time, management manager and contact information can be posted. (If
the Internet homepage is not operated, it can be posted in an easy-to-see place such as the place of business or published in the official gazette
(limited to cases where the operator of image information processing equipment is a public institution), general daily newspaper, general weekly
newspaper, or Internet newspaper) Answer It is a principle to install an information board for each CCTV installed in a public place. However, if multiple
CCTVs are operated in a building, indicate that the entire facility or place is an image information processing device installation area, such as at the
entrance, where data subjects can see it while entering and exiting. Information boards can be installed. In addition, when a public institution installs
for the purpose of long-distance filming, speeding/signal violation enforcement, or traffic flow investigation, it corresponds to cases where there is little
concern about personal information infringement, or it is impossible to install a guide board due to locational characteristics such as forest fire
monitoring, or Even if it is installed, if the data subject cannot easily recognize it, the purpose and place of CCTV installation, the shooting range and
time, the person in charge of management and contact information can be posted on the Internet homepage of the operator of the video information
processing equipment in lieu of installing the information board. (If the Internet homepage is not operated, it can be posted in an easy-to-see place
such as the place of business or published in the official gazette (limited to cases where the operator of image information processing equipment is a
public institution), general daily newspaper, general weekly newspaper, or Internet newspaper)

Q: Is it possible to install CCTV in a space used only by workers, such as a workplace?
A: In the case of installation for labor monitoring in the workplace, it is a matter for consultation by the labor-management council in accordance with
the “Act on the Promotion of Worker Participation and Cooperation”, so it is possible to install it if there is an agreement with the labor-management
council. Answer In this case, it is a matter for discussion by the labor-management council in accordance with the “Act on the Promotion of Worker
Participation and Cooperation”, so it can be installed if there is a consultation with the labor-management council.

Q: What is the relationship between the Personal Information Protection Act and other laws such as the Credit Information Act?

A: The Personal Information Protection Act is a general law and applies to the relationship between all personal information controllers and
personal information subjects. Contents regulated only in the Personal Information Protection Act, such as image information processors and
impact assessments, are of course applied to the Personal Information Protection Act. However, if the same content is otherwise stipulated,
the special law applies. For example, if a person in charge of protection of credit information under the Credit Information Act is designated, the person
in charge of protection of personal information under the Act on Personal Information Protection shall concurrently hold the post and the name should
be recorded in the personal information processing policy. In particular, since the duties of the credit information protection officer under the Credit
Information Protection Act and the personal information protection officer under the Personal Information Protection Act are different, the credit
information protection officer must additionally perform the duties of the personal information protection officer. is a general law that applies to the
relationship between all personal data controllers and personal data subjects. Contents regulated only in the Personal Information Protection Act, such
as image information processors and impact assessments, are of course applied to the Personal Information Protection Act. However, if the same
content is otherwise stipulated, the special law applies. For example, if a person in charge of protection of credit information under the Credit Information
Act is designated, the person in charge of protection of personal information under the Act on Personal Information Protection shall concurrently hold
the post and the name should be recorded in the personal information processing policy. In particular, since the duties of the credit information
protection officer under the Credit Information Protection Act and the personal information protection officer under the Personal Information Protection
Act are different, the credit information protection officer must additionally perform the duties of the personal information protection officer.

Q: Do I have to obtain consent again for personal information collected before September 30, 2011, when the law came into force?
A: In the case of legally processing personal information in accordance with other laws and regulations, you do not need to obtain consent
again. In cases where personal information is collected without a legal basis prior to the enforcement of the law, it is considered lawful to
retain the personal information. However, after the enforcement of this Act, if personal information is newly processed, except for the case of
using it within the scope of the existing collection purpose, the Act, the Enforcement Decree and this guideline must be followed. You do not need
to obtain consent again. In cases where personal information is collected without a legal basis prior to the enforcement of the law, it is considered
lawful to retain the personal information. However, the scope of the existing collection purpose after the enforcement of this Act



Except for use within the company, when personal information is newly processed, the law, enforcement ordinances, and this guideline must
be followed.

Q: Should privacy measures be taken for the company's business registration number?
A: Personal information is information about a living individual, so information about corporations and organizations, such as a
company's business registration number, does not qualify as personal information. Answer Personal information is information about a living
individual, so the company's business registration number Information of corporations and organizations such as is not considered personal
information.

Q: I wonder if it is necessary to go through the consent process for the collection of personal information even when holding an 'online
event'.
A: When a business operator collects personal information of an information subject, it must inform the information subject of the purpose
of collection and use, items of personal information collected, period of retention and use of personal information, disadvantages in case of
refusal of consent, and the right to refuse, and obtain consent from the information subject. . However, in the case of information and
communication service providers, the notification of 'facts regarding the right to refuse consent and disadvantages in case of refusal of consent'
is not compulsory as the special provision of Article 39-3 Paragraph 1 of the Act is applied, but the relevant information is also notified for the
protection of users. it is desirable Therefore, not only when personal information is collected for general members and membership subscriptions,
but also when personal information is collected for holding temporary/temporary events and selling goods to non-members, notices must be
given and consent must be given. Answer When a business operator collects personal information of a subject of information, the subject of
information must be notified of the purpose of collection and use, the items of personal information collected, the period of retention and use of
personal information, the details of disadvantages in case of refusal of consent, and the right to refuse, and must obtain consent. do. However,
in the case of information and communication service providers, the notification of 'facts regarding the right to refuse consent and disadvantages
in case of refusal of consent' is not compulsory as the special provision of Article 39-3 Paragraph 1 of the Act is applied, but the relevant
information is also notified for the protection of users. it is desirable Therefore, not only when personal information is collected for general
members and membership subscriptions, but also when personal information is collected for holding temporary/temporary events and selling
goods to non-members, notices must be given and consent must be given. do.

Q: I allowed a part-time employee to view customer personal information for business purposes. Does this case also qualify as a personal
information handler?
A: Temporary workers such as part-time workers are considered personal information handlers if they are accessing and processing
personal information for business purposes. Therefore, even in this case, the scope of viewing and processing of personal information
must be limited to the minimum within the limit necessary for business, and necessary management measures such as requiring a security
pledge must be taken. If you are reading and processing it, you are considered a personal information handler. Therefore, even in this
case, the scope of access and processing of personal information must be limited to the minimum within the limit necessary for business,
and necessary management measures such as requiring a written security oath must be taken.

Q: I would like to know if 'Personal Information Handler' refers only to employees who are directly in charge of personal information
protection.
A: A personal information handler refers to a person who 'handles' the personal information of an information subject. This includes
employees who are directly in charge of personal information protection, such as membership registration, withdrawal processing, and
grievance handling, and other people who collect, store, process, use, provide, manage, and destroy personal information for business
needs. All are included. Answer A personal information handler refers to a person who 'handles' the personal information of a subject of
information. This includes employees who are directly in charge of personal information protection, such as membership registration, withdrawal
processing, and grievance handling, and other people who collect, store, process, use, provide, manage, and destroy personal information for
business needs. all included



Q: I don't have a separate employee and I run the store with my wife. Do small business owners like us really
need to appoint a person in charge of personal information protection?
A: In the case of a small business with less than 5 full-time employees, the business owner or representative is deemed to
have been designated as the person in charge of personal information protection without a separate designation. Answer In
the case of a small business with less than 5 employees at all times, the business owner or representative is regarded as
designated as the person in charge of personal information protection without a separate designation. If specified, it is
stipulated that it should be followed.

Q: The head of the department in charge of personal information protection was designated as the person in charge of
personal information protection, and the phone number and e-mail of the executive were disclosed in the privacy
policy . is calling What should I do?
A: The name or position of the person in charge of personal information protection is written in the personal information
processing policy, but the name and contact information of the person in charge of personal information protection may
also be written. , but may also include the name and contact information of the person in charge of handling personal
information.

Q: It is said that a person in charge of personal information protection must be appointed.

A: The law stipulates that the person in charge of personal information protection should be among the business owner,
representative, or executive (or, if there is no executive, the head of the department in charge of handling personal
information), business operators must appoint a person who meets these requirements as the person in charge should be
specified as In addition, the business operator must specify the contact information such as the name of the person in charge
of personal information protection or the name of the department, phone number, etc. in the privacy policy and disclose it so
that the information subject can easily check it at any time. Answer Since the law stipulates that the person in charge of
personal information protection among business owners, representatives, and executives (if there is no executive, the head of
the department in charge of handling personal information), business operators must select a person who meets these
requirements. It must be designated as the person in charge of personal information protection. In addition, the business
operator must specify the contact information such as the name of the person in charge of personal information protection or
the name of the department, phone number, etc. in the privacy policy and disclose it so that the information subject can easily
check it at any time. should be notified without

Q: I want to know the specific contents that should be included in the internal management plan and how to prepare the internal
management plan.

A: The internal management plan includes matters related to the role and responsibilities of the person in charge of personal information
protection, technical and managerial protection measures for each stage of personal information processing, matters related to regular selfaudits, and training for personal information handlers for personal information protection. Necessary items must be included. The internal
management plan must be implemented after receiving approval from the top management (CEO, CPO, etc.) of the business operator. In
addition, the internal management plan must immediately reflect changes in laws and systems related to personal information protection and
changes in business contents related to personal information of the company, and all employees of the business operator and consignment/
service companies must be educated and read. The internal management plan contains matters necessary for personal information protection,
such as the roles and responsibilities of the person in charge of personal information protection, technical and managerial protection measures
for each stage of personal information processing, matters related to regular self-audits, and training for personal information handlers. This
must be included. The internal management plan must be implemented after receiving approval from the top management (CEO, CPO, etc.)
of the business operator. In addition, the internal management plan must immediately reflect changes in laws and systems related to personal
information protection and changes in business contents related to personal information of the company, and all employees of the business
operator and consignment/service companies must be educated and read.



Q: Business operators are also required to establish an internal management plan for personal information protection.
What is an internal management plan?
A: The internal management plan refers to a plan in which the personal information manager stipulates the formation of a
personal information protection organization, training of personal information handlers, and personal information protection
measures for the safe handling of personal information. Business operators must establish a personal information
management plan within the organization to ensure safety so that personal information of information subjects is not lost,
stolen, leaked, falsified, falsified or damaged. An internal management plan means a plan in which the personal information
manager stipulates the formation of a personal information protection organization, training of personal information handlers,
and personal information protection measures for the safe handling of personal information by the personal information
manager. . Business operators must establish a personal information management plan within the organization to ensure safety
so that personal information of information subjects is not lost, stolen, leaked, falsified, falsified or damaged. Notice must be
given to ensure compliance.

Q: I want to know if the personal information of internal employees is also subject to the personal information protection regulations under the Personal
Information Protection Act.

A: Internal workers of organizations are also subject to the Personal Information Protection Act. If a worker provides
labor to the employer and the employer enters into a labor contract for the purpose of paying wages, the employer must pay
the worker's wages, as it is essential to collect and use the personal information of the employee in order to fulfill the labor
contract. , Personal information can be collected and used without the consent of the worker in order to fulfill the labor contract,
such as providing welfare specified in the contract. However, even if the employee's consent is not obtained, it is desirable to
notify the employee of the collection and use of personal information through the employment contract, etc. at the time of
signing the employment contract. (Purpose of collection of personal information of employees, items of collection, matters
related to suspension, correction, deletion, retention period, employee information processing procedures after retirement, etc.)
If a worker provides labor to the employer and the employer enters into a labor contract for the purpose of paying wages, the
employer must pay the worker's wages, as it is essential to collect and use the personal information of the employee in order to
fulfill the labor contract. , Personal information can be collected and used without the consent of the worker in order to fulfill the
labor contract, such as providing welfare specified in the contract. However, even if the employee's consent is not obtained, it is
desirable to notify the employee of the collection and use of personal information through the employment contract, etc. at the
time of signing the employment contract. (Purpose of collecting employee personal information, items collected, matters related
to suspension, correction, deletion, retention period, employee information handling procedure after retirement, etc.)

Q: We decided to share hotel membership customer information with duty-free shops and use it to promote discount
events. There is a duty-free shop in the hotel, and the name is written as “ÿÿ Hotel Duty Free Shop”. In this case, do I have
to obtain customer consent?
A: If a hotel and a duty-free shop decide to share hotel customer information and use it for an event, they must notify
the customer of the following information and obtain their consent for providing the hotel customer information to a third
party (duty-free shop). ÿ Person who receives personal information ÿ Purpose of use by person receiving personal
information ÿ Items of personal information provided ÿ Period of retention and use of personal information ÿ The fact that there
is a right to refuse consent However, if the hotel is an information communication service provider, Article 39-3 Paragraph 1 of
the Act, which is a special provision, is applied, so the notification of 'the fact of the right to refuse consent and disadvantages
in case of refusal of consent' is not compulsory, but to protect users. For this purpose, it is desirable to notify the relevant
matters as well. Meanwhile, Article 15 Paragraph 3 of the amended Personal Information Protection Act, which took effect on
August 5, 20, allows the personal information controller to use personal information without the consent of the information
subject within the scope reasonably related to the original purpose of collection, as prescribed by the Presidential Decree.
Therefore, the criteria presented in Article 14-2 of the Enforcement Decree are comprehensively



Answer: If a hotel and a duty-free shop decide to share hotel customer information and use it for an event, the hotel customer
information is provided to a third party (duty-free shop). Customers must be notified of the following and their consent must
be obtained. ÿ Person who receives personal information ÿ Purpose of use by person receiving personal information ÿ Items
of personal information provided ÿ Period of retention and use of personal information ÿ The fact that there is a right to refuse
consent However, if the hotel is an information communication service provider, Article 39-3 Paragraph 1 of the Act, which is
a special provision, is applied, so the notification of 'the fact of the right to refuse consent and disadvantages in case of refusal
of consent' is not compulsory, but to protect users. For this purpose, it is desirable to notify the relevant matters as well.
Meanwhile, Article 15 Paragraph 3 of the amended Personal Information Protection Act, which took effect on August 5, 20,
allows the personal information controller to use personal information without the consent of the information subject within the
scope reasonably related to the original purpose of collection, as prescribed by the Presidential Decree. Therefore, it is
necessary to comprehensively consider the criteria presented in Article 14-2 of the Enforcement Decree and determine
whether or not the business operator agrees to "event promotion".

Q: There was no separate notice about “marketing use” in the membership application form that members filled out. Is
there any problem in sending an e-mail in this case?
A: If the original purpose of personal information collection/use is changed or added, separate consent must be obtained. In
other words, if consent was obtained only for the basic service purpose at the time of initial membership signup and consent was
not obtained separately for “marketing use”, it cannot be used for marketing activities such as sending event information e-mails,
and separate consent is required for this. However, Article 15 (3) of the amended Personal Information Protection Act, which
took effect on August 5, 20, allows personal information controllers to use personal information without the consent of the
information subject within the scope reasonably related to the original collection purpose, as prescribed by the Presidential
Decree. Therefore, it is necessary to comprehensively consider the criteria presented in Article 14-2 of the Enforcement Decree
to determine whether or not the business operator agrees to "use of marketing". Answer If the original purpose of collecting and
using personal information is changed or added, a separate must obtain the consent of In other words, if consent was obtained
only for the basic service purpose at the time of initial membership signup and consent was not obtained separately for “marketing
use”, it cannot be used for marketing activities such as sending event information e-mails, and separate consent is required for
this. However, Article 15 (3) of the amended Personal Information Protection Act, which took effect on August 5, 20, allows
personal information controllers to use personal information without the consent of the information subject within the scope
reasonably related to the original collection purpose, as prescribed by the Presidential Decree. Therefore, it is necessary to
comprehensively consider the criteria presented in Article 14-2 of the Enforcement Decree and determine whether or not the
business operator agrees to "use of marketing".

Q: Is there any problem if the dental clinic takes pictures of the orthodontic patients' orthodontic results and posts them on the
clinic's homepage "Successful Orthodontics"?
A: When collecting the personal information of the information subject, the business operator must notify the 'purpose of
collection and use' and obtain consent. Personal information collected by business operators can only be used within the
scope of the purpose of collection and use, and cannot be used beyond the purpose of collection and use agreed to by the
information subject. In order for a hospital to use a patient's treatment result photos for publicity purposes, the patient must
be clearly notified of the fact that the photos taken are being posted for the hospital's promotional purpose, and consent
must be obtained. If the collected personal information is arbitrarily used for promotional purposes without separate notice and
consent, this falls under 'act of using personal information other than the purpose'. ' and obtain consent. Personal information
collected by business operators can only be used within the scope of the purpose of collection and use, and cannot be used
beyond the purpose of collection and use agreed to by the information subject. In order for a hospital to use a patient's treatment
result photos for publicity purposes, the patient must be clearly notified of the fact that the photos taken are being posted for the
hospital's promotional purpose, and consent must be obtained. If collected personal information is separately notified and
consented



If it is used arbitrarily for promotional purposes without procedures, it falls under 'act of using personal information for
other purposes'.

Q: In the event that the data subject withdraws consent to marketing despite the fact that the personal information controller has
paid a certain amount of money (hereinafter referred to as “gifts, etc.”) to the information subject to prevent withdrawal of marketing
consent, the information subject Are there any obligations to return prizes, etc.?
A: When consent is obtained by clearly notifying the above, there is an obligation to return. A: When consent is obtained by clearly
notifying the above, there is an obligation to return.

Q: I would like to send a promotional email announcing the launch of a new product. I want to know if there is any problem if I use
the list of customers who applied for the last giveaway event to advertise products.
A: When personal information is collected, the personal information manager must notify the 'purpose of collection and use'
and obtain consent. 'Purpose of collection and use' refers to the purpose, scope and content of personal information being
used in detail. Personal information collected by the personal information manager can only be used within the scope of the
'purpose of collection and use' agreed upon by the information subject. If the consented purpose of collection and use is changed or
added, separate consent must be obtained for the changed or added purpose. If personal information was collected through a
giveaway event, but consent was obtained only for the purpose of using the event and consent was not obtained for “separate
product advertisement,” the personal information cannot be used for advertising purposes, such as sending product launch notification
e-mails. A separate consent must be obtained for this to happen. However, Article 15 (3) of the amended Personal Information
Protection Act, which took effect on August 5, 20, allows personal information controllers to use personal information without the
consent of the information subject within the scope reasonably related to the original collection purpose, as prescribed by the
Presidential Decree. Therefore, it is necessary to comprehensively consider the criteria presented in Article 14-2 of the Enforcement
Decree to determine whether or not the operator consents to "product promotion". You must notify the purpose of use and obtain
consent. 'Purpose of collection and use' refers to the purpose, scope and content of personal information being used in detail.
Personal information collected by the personal information manager can only be used within the scope of the 'purpose of collection
and use' agreed upon by the information subject. If the consented purpose of collection and use is changed or added, separate
consent must be obtained for the changed or added purpose. If personal information was collected through a giveaway event, but
consent was obtained only for the purpose of using the event and consent was not obtained for “separate product advertisement,”
the personal information cannot be used for advertising purposes, such as sending product launch notification e-mails. A separate
consent must be obtained for this to happen. However, Article 15 (3) of the amended Personal Information Protection Act, which took
effect on August 5, 20, allows personal information controllers to use personal information without the consent of the information
subject within the scope reasonably related to the original collection purpose, as prescribed by the Presidential Decree. Therefore, it
is necessary to comprehensively consider the criteria presented in Article 14-2 of the Enforcement Decree, and determine whether
the business operator agrees to "product promotion".

Q: I heard that parental consent is required for membership registration for children under the age of 14. In order to
contact and obtain consent from the parent, at least the parent's name or contact information is required. How do I obtain this
information?
A: In order for a business operator to collect, use, and provide personal information of children under the age of 14,
consent is obtained from a legal representative such as a parent, and the legal representative consents by one of the methods
suggested in Article 48-3 (1) of the Enforcement Decree. You should check if you did. However, if the business operator does
not know the name or contact information of the legal representative, it is difficult to obtain consent from the legal representative. .
If the legal representative does not consent to the collection of personal information of the child, all contact information of the legal
representative acquired for consent must be destroyed. obtain consent from the agent; and



In one of the methods presented in Article 48-3 Paragraph 1 of the Enforcement Decree, it must be confirmed
whether the legal representative has consented. However, if the business operator does not know the name or contact
information of the legal representative, it is difficult to obtain consent from the legal representative. . If the legal representative
does not consent to the collection of personal information of the child, all contact information of the legal representative acquired
for consent must be destroyed.

Q: Given that personal information that requires the consent of the information subject can be changed in the future, 'etc.'
can use the term

A: The Personal Information Protection Act stipulates that only the minimum amount of personal information is collected
when collecting personal information, and if additional personal information is received by using the term 'etc.', it may lead to
indiscriminate collection of personal information. When listing information items, do not use 'etc.' If you use the terminology to
receive additional personal information, it may lead to indiscriminate collection of personal information, so you should not use
'etc.' should get

Q: When signing up for membership, we collect mandatory and optional information separately, but the “collected personal
information items” in the personal information processing policy do not separately distinguish between essential and optional information.

A: In the personal information processing policy, the required and optional information that is actually collected
must be clearly and clearly specified. A The personal information processing policy must also clearly specify the
required and optional information that is actually collected.

Q: Make sure to enter your resident registration number before phone consultation, and we plan not to provide counseling
services to those who do not enter their resident registration number (non-members).
A: When a personal information manager collects personal information of an information subject, it must collect the
minimum information required for service provision (essential information) and detailed information (optional information)
for personalized service, etc. In addition, the provision of the service shall not be refused on the ground that the information
subject does not provide personal information other than essential information. Since the resident registration number is
difficult to view as essential information for providing telephone counseling service, requesting the resident registration
number of all telephone counseling customers to distinguish between members and non-members constitutes excessive
personal information collection. The personal information manager bears the burden of proof. Answer When the personal
information manager collects the personal information of the information subject, the minimum information required for service
provision (essential information) and detailed information (optional information) for personalized service, etc. It should be
collected separately. In addition, the provision of the service shall not be refused on the ground that the information subject
does not provide personal information other than essential information. Since the resident registration number is difficult to
view as essential information for providing telephone counseling service, requesting the resident registration number of all
telephone counseling customers to distinguish between members and non-members constitutes excessive personal information
collection. The personal information manager bears the burden of proof.

Q: If the consent of the information subject is obtained, is it possible to collect personal information beyond the minimum scope
necessary for the purpose?
A: When a personal information manager collects personal information, he or she must collect the minimum amount of personal information
necessary for that purpose. In this case, the personal information controller bears the burden of proving that the minimum amount of personal
information is collected. In addition, the personal information manager shall provide the minimum information necessary for the information subject.



The provision of goods or services to the subject of information shall not be refused on the grounds of not agreeing to the collection
of other personal information. Answer When a personal information manager collects personal information, he or she must collect
the minimum amount of personal information necessary for the purpose. In this case, the personal information controller bears the
burden of proving that the minimum amount of personal information is collected. In addition, the personal information controller shall not
refuse to provide goods or services to the information subject on the grounds that the information subject does not consent to the collection
of personal information other than the minimum necessary information.

Q: In order to provide fare reduction benefits for the disabled, detailed disability grade information is required. Can it be collected?

A: Personal information controllers must not collect “sensitive personal information that is likely to clearly violate the rights,
interests, or privacy of individual information subjects,” such as ideas, beliefs, and past medical history. However, sensitive information
may be collected when the information subject has obtained separate consent or when the processing of sensitive information is
required or permitted by other laws and regulations. If there is no provision separately permitted by law, the purpose of collection and use
can be clearly notified and collected with separate consent. You must not collect sensitive personal information that is likely to clearly
infringe on individual rights, interests or privacy. However, sensitive information may be collected when the information subject has
obtained separate consent or when the processing of sensitive information is required or permitted by other laws and regulations. If there
is no provision separately permitted by the law, the purpose of collection and use is clearly notified and collected after obtaining separate
consent.

Q: I am trying to hold a giveaway event offline, but the right to apply is so small that it is difficult to write down all of the personal
information collection notices stipulated by the law.
A: Even when personal information is collected offline, consent must be obtained by notifying the “purpose of
collection/use, collection items, retention/use period” without omission. However, if it is difficult to indicate all consent contents due to the
nature of the medium, such as a small application form, etc., important matters should be notified directly on the paper, but there is a
method to confirm the details of the consent address, business phone number where you can receive information on consent) and obtain
consent. Answer Even when personal information is collected offline, “purpose of collection and use, collection items, period of retention
and use” must be specified without omission. consent must be obtained. However, if it is difficult to indicate all consent contents due to
the nature of the medium, such as a small application form, etc., important matters should be notified directly on the paper, but there is a
method to confirm the details of the consent address, business phone number where you can receive information about consent, etc.) and
obtain consent.

Q: In the event that an agent of a dealership illegally uses a customer's personal information to cause damage to a customer, is the head
office responsible for the actions of the agent of the dealership?
A: The consignor (headquarters) is obliged to manage and supervise the consignee (agent) to comply with the personal
information protection regulations of the law, and if the consignee causes damage to the information subject by violating the law, the
consignor is responsible for it is making it bear Therefore, the head office bears the responsibility for damages for the actions of the agents
of the agency as in the case. Answer The consignor (head office) has the duty to manage and supervise the consignee (agent) to comply
with the personal information protection regulations of the law. In case of damage to the data subject in violation of the law, the consignor is
held liable for it. Therefore, the head office bears the responsibility for compensation for the actions of the agency staff as in the case.

Q: I'm trying to outsource the customer center work. What items must be included in the contract when signing a personal information
handling consignment contract with an outsourcing company?



A: When concluding a handling consignment contract with a consignee (outsourcing company), documents containing the following items must be
followed. ÿ Matters concerning the prohibition of handling personal information other than the purpose of consignment duty ÿ Matters concerning
technical and managerial protection measures for personal information ÿ Other matters prescribed by Presidential Decree for the safe management
of personal information - Purpose and scope of consignment duty - Re-entrustment Matters concerning restrictions - Matters concerning measures
to ensure safety, such as restrictions on access to personal information - Matters concerning supervision, such as inspection of management status
of personal information held in relation to consignment duties - Compliance by the trustee pursuant to Article 26 (2) of the Act Responsibilities such
as compensation for damages in case of violation of obligations to be performed When signing a handling consignment contract with a consignee
(outsourcing company), documents containing the following items must be followed. ÿ Matters concerning the prohibition of handling personal
information other than the purpose of consignment duty ÿ Matters concerning technical and managerial protection measures for personal information
ÿ Other matters prescribed by Presidential Decree for the safe management of personal information - Purpose and scope of consignment duty - Reentrustment Matters concerning restrictions - Matters concerning measures to ensure safety, such as restrictions on access to personal information
- Matters concerning supervision, such as inspection of management status of personal information held in relation to consignment duties Compliance by the trustee pursuant to Article 26 (2) of the Act Matters concerning liability, such as compensation for damages in case of violation of
obligations to be performed

Q: Is it necessary to obtain consent according to consignment to share patient information between the hospital and the medical information
delivery system management company?
A: Utilizing a management company to share and provide electronic prescriptions and electronic medical records in accordance with
the Medical Act, etc. falls under “entrusted handling of personal information necessary to fulfill contracts related to service provision,” so
information subjects without obtaining separate consent A consignment is possible only by disclosure of the information. Answer Utilizing a
management company to share and provide electronic prescriptions, electronic medical records, etc. in accordance with the Medical Act falls
under the “entrustment of handling personal information necessary to fulfill contracts related to the provision of services.” Therefore, consignment
is possible only with the disclosure of the information subject without obtaining separate consent.

Q: While running a travel agency, reservation confirmation and customer consultation are handled by a specialized call center, and the call center
plans to conduct all of its customer events and travel product promotion. I would like to know if there are any related legal issues.

A: When a business operator entrusts handling tasks such as collection and storage of personal information to a third party, the
person to whom handling is entrusted (consignee) and the contents of the entrusted handling work must be documented. If the consignor entrusts
the business of promoting goods or services or soliciting sales, the contents of the entrusted business and the consignee must be notified to the data
subject in writing. If the consignor is unable to inform the information subject of the contents of the entrusted business and the consignee without
fault, the relevant matters must be posted on the homepage for at least 30 days. However, if the Internet homepage is not operated, it must be posted
in an easily visible place such as the place of business for at least 30 days. The same applies even if the contents of the entrusted business or the
consignee are changed. Answer In the case where a business operator entrusts handling duties such as collection and storage of personal information
to a third party, the entrusted person (consignee) and the entrusted business The content must be documented. If the consignor entrusts the business
of promoting goods or services or soliciting sales, the contents of the entrusted business and the consignee must be notified to the data subject in
writing. If the consignor is unable to inform the information subject of the contents of the entrusted business and the consignee without fault, the
relevant matters must be posted on the homepage for at least 30 days. However, if the Internet homepage is not operated, it must be posted in an
easily visible place such as the place of business for at least 30 days. The same shall also apply where the contents of entrusted business or the
trustee are changed.

Q: The laws related to personal information stipulate separately the case of 'providing' personal information to a third party and the case
of 'entrusting handling' of personal information to a third party. What is the specific difference?
A: The law stipulates 'provision to a third party' and 'consignment of handling to a third party' respectively. Provision of personal
information to a third party refers to “the purpose of the recipient (third party) of personal information. It refers to providing personal information to a
third party for On the other hand, consignment of personal information handling is for “business purpose”



It refers to entrusting the collection, processing, and use of personal information to a third party. Accordingly, when 'providing'
personal information to a third party, the 'purpose of use of the recipient' must be notified and consent must be obtained. On
the other hand, if the handling of personal information is 'entrusted' to a third party, the 'contents of the entrusted business' must
be notified and disclosed on the homepage. However, in the case of consignment for promotional sales purposes, the data subject
must be notified (notified). Answer The law stipulates 'provision to a third party' and 'consignment of handling to a third party'
respectively. Personal information protection Provision of personal information to a third party refers to providing personal
information to a third party for “the purpose of the person receiving the personal information (third party)”. On the other hand,
consignment of personal information handling refers to entrusting tasks such as collection, processing, and use of personal
information to a third party for the “purpose of the business operator”. Accordingly, when 'providing' personal information to a third
party, the 'purpose of use of the recipient' must be notified and consent must be obtained. On the other hand, if the handling of
personal information is 'entrusted' to a third party, the 'contents of the entrusted business' must be notified and disclosed on the
homepage. However, in the case of consignment for promotional sales purposes, the data subject must be notified (notified).

Q: Who do you specifically refer to as a 'third party'?
A: This refers to all persons other than the personal information processor who actually and directly collects and retains
personal information from the information subject and the information subject or his/her legal representative, excluding the
trustee following the business consignment. Answer The information subject and the information subject or his/her legal
representative means all persons other than the personal information manager who actually and directly collects and retains
personal information from

Q: A user on the company website requested to provide his access log record to report hacking damage to the police. According
to the Protection of Communications Secrets Act, only investigative agencies are allowed to provide communication confirmation
data such as access log records.

A: The Protection of Communications Secrets Act stipulates that “anyone” cannot provide communication confirmation data
unless it is in accordance with the provisions of the Act. Therefore, there was an opinion that even if the information subject
himself requested the provision of communication confirmation data, it should not be provided because there is no basis for
provision under the Protection of Communications Secrets Act. However, the Protection of Communications Secrets Act is a law
that stipulates the requirements and procedures for providing personal information to investigative agencies, and information
subjects may request access to their personal information. It does not apply to the subject himself. In other words, the information
subject can request and receive his or her access log records from the business operator. Answer The Protection of
Communications Secrets Act stipulates that “anyone” cannot provide communication fact confirmation data unless in accordance
with the provisions of the Act. . Therefore, there was an opinion that even if the information subject himself requested the provision
of communication confirmation data, it should not be provided because there is no basis for provision under the Protection of
Communications Secrets Act. However, the Protection of Communications Secrets Act is a law that stipulates the requirements
and procedures for providing personal information to investigative agencies, and information subjects may request access to their
personal information. It does not apply to the subject himself. That is, the information subject can request and receive his or her
access log records from the business operator.

Q: We are trying to introduce a so-called 'family site' system that integrates member information DBs such as hotel, travel,
and shopping mall sites within the same group and enables log-in with one ID. Since it is an affiliate within the same group, I
don't think customers will need separate consent, but I want to know if it's okay to proceed as it is.

A: A third party refers to all corporations, organizations, etc. other than the business operator that collected personal information
after obtaining consent from customers. Corresponds to a third party. Therefore, even between group affiliates, the family



In order to provide and share personal information under the name of a site, a third party must notify the third party of the
provision and obtain consent. Therefore, even if it is an affiliate within the same group, it is a third party if it corresponds to a
separate corporation with a different purpose of collecting and using personal information. You must notify the third party of the
provision and obtain their consent.

Q: Recent cases of personal information leakage through hacking have been reported in the media. What measures should be
taken to prevent hacking of our company's personal information DB?
A: In order to prevent illegal access to personal information through the information and communications network, access
control devices such as an intrusion prevention system and intrusion detection system must be installed. Answer To prevent illegal access
to personal information through the information and communications network For this purpose, access control devices such as an intrusion
prevention system and an intrusion detection system must be installed.

Q: As we provide new services to our customers, the purpose of collection and use of personal information and the items to be
collected have been newly changed. In this case, how should it be reflected in the personal information processing policy?
A: If the purpose of collection and use of personal information is changed, consent must be obtained from the information
subject again, and the personal information processing policy must inform the information subject of the changed contents in
the following way. If the Internet homepage is not operated or there is a defect in management, it will be disclosed in one of
the methods ÿ to ÿ. 1. How to post in an easy-to-see place, such as the place of business of the personal information manager 2.
Areas above cities and provinces where the Official Gazette (applicable only when the personal information manager is a public
institution) or the place of business of the personal information manager are the main dissemination areas 3. Publication in a
general daily newspaper, general weekly newspaper, or Internet newspaper pursuant to Article 2, subparagraph 1 (a) and (c) of
the ÿAct on Promotion of Newspapers, etc.ÿ and subparagraph 2 of the same Article 3. Publish at least twice a year with the same
title Method of continuously loading in publications, newsletters, PR magazines, bills, etc. distributed to data subjects In this case,
the time of change and implementation, and the changed contents must be continuously disclosed, and the changed contents must
be disclosed by comparing before and after the change so that the information subject can easily check. Answer In case the
purpose of collecting and using personal information is changed Re-consent must be obtained from the subject, and the changed
personal information processing policy must be notified to the information subject according to the method below. If the Internet
homepage is not operated or there is a defect in management, it will be disclosed in one of the methods ÿ to ÿ. 1. How to post in an
easy-to-see place, such as the place of business of the personal information manager 2. Areas above cities and provinces where the
Official Gazette (applicable only when the personal information manager is a public institution) or the place of business of the personal
information manager are the main dissemination areas 3. Publication in a general daily newspaper, general weekly newspaper, or
Internet newspaper pursuant to Article 2, subparagraph 1 (a) and (c) of the ÿAct on Promotion of Newspapers, etc.ÿ and subparagraph
2 of the same Article 3. Publish at least twice a year with the same title Method of continuously loading in publications, newsletters,
PR magazines, bills, etc. distributed to data subjects In this case, the time of change and implementation, and the changed content
must be continuously disclosed, and the changed content must be disclosed by comparing before and after the change so that the
information subject can easily check.

Q: Our company has an Internet homepage, but customer registration and service provision are done through stores or agencies.
In this case, is it not necessary to disclose the privacy policy on the homepage?

A: When an individual business operator discloses its personal information processing policy, it should be disclosed in one or
more of the following ways, taking into consideration the collection location and medium of personal information. If the Internet
homepage is not operated or there is a defect in management, it will be disclosed in one of the methods ÿ to ÿ. One.



How to post in an easy-to-see place, such as the place of business of the personal information manager 2. The Official
Gazette (applicable only if the personal information manager is a public institution) or the area above the city/province where
the place of business of the personal information manager is located is the main dissemination area. How to publish in a
general daily newspaper, general weekly newspaper, or Internet newspaper pursuant to Article 2, subparagraph 1 (a) and
(c) of the Act on Promotion of Newspapers, etc. and subparagraph 2 of the same Article 4. Method of issuing information to
the data subject by loading it on the contract written by the personal information controller and the data subject to provide
goods or services to customers only through stores and agencies, as in inquiries Even when signing up and collecting
personal information, the personal information processing policy must be disclosed by one or more of the methods above.
disclosed in one or more of the following ways: If the Internet homepage is not operated or there is a defect in management,
it will be disclosed in one of the methods ÿ to ÿ. 1. How to post in an easy-to-see place, such as the place of business of the
personal information manager 2. Areas above cities and provinces where the Official Gazette (applicable only when the
personal information manager is a public institution) or the place of business of the personal information manager are the
main dissemination areas 3. Publication in a general daily newspaper, general weekly newspaper, or Internet newspaper
pursuant to Article 2, subparagraph 1 (a) and (c ) of the ÿAct on Promotion of Newspapers, etc. ÿ and subparagraph 2 of the
same Article 3. Publish at least twice a year with the same title Method of continuously loading in publications, newsletters, PR
magazines, bills, etc. distributed to data subjects 4. Method of issuing information to subjects by loading them on contracts
written by personal information controllers and data subjects to provide goods or services Even if customer registration and
personal information are collected only through the website, the personal information processing policy must be disclosed in
one or more of the above ways.

Q: An online job application site was opened to recruit new employees . Should the 'Personal Information Handling
Policy' be prepared and disclosed at this time as well?
A: In the case of handling or processing personal information, a personal information processing policy must be prepared and
disclosed on the homepage. Answer In case of handling or processing personal information, a personal information processing
policy must be prepared and disclosed on the homepage.

Q: I heard that business operators must write and post a 'Personal Information Handling Policy'.

A: A business operator must establish a 'Personal Information Handling Policy' and disclose it through the website so that
customers can easily check it at any time. The personal information processing policy must include the following essential
items, and if there are any personal information protection-related matters that the information subject needs to know
additionally, they must be disclosed. 1. Purpose of processing personal information 2. Processing and retention period of
personal information 3. Matters concerning the provision of personal information to third parties (specified only when
applicable) 4. Destruction procedure and method of personal information (Article 21, 1) In case personal information must
be preserved according to the proviso of paragraph (2), the basis for preservation and the items of personal information to
be preserved shall be included) Matters concerning rights and obligations and how to exercise them 7. The name of the
person in charge of personal information protection pursuant to Article 31 or the name and phone number of the department
handling personal information protection duties and related grievances, etc. 8. Individuals such as internet access information
files Matters concerning the installation, operation, and refusal of devices that automatically collect information (specified
only where relevant) Responding to matters related to, business operators must establish a 'personal information handling
policy' and disclose it through the homepage so that customers can easily check it at any time. The personal information
processing policy must include the following essential items, and if there are any personal information protection-related
matters that the information subject needs to know additionally, they must be disclosed. 1. Purpose of processing personal
information 2. Processing and retention period of personal information 3. Matters concerning the provision of personal
information to third parties (specified only when applicable) 4. Destruction procedure and method of personal information
(Article 21, 1) If personal information must be preserved according to the proviso of paragraph 1, the basis for preservation
and the items of personal information to be preserved are specified.



5. Matters concerning the consignment of personal information processing (specified only when applicable) 6. Matters concerning the rights and
obligations of the information subject and legal representative and the method of exercising them 7. Name of the person in charge of personal
information protection pursuant to Article 31 Or contact information, such as the name and phone number of the department handling personal
information protection and related grievances 8. Matters concerning the installation and operation of devices that automatically collect personal
information, such as Internet access information files, and refusal thereof (only if applicable) 9. Items of personal information to be processed 10.
Matters concerning measures to ensure the safety of personal information pursuant to Article 30 or Article 48-2

Q: I want to transfer my personal information because I am transferring my business to another business operator. What action should be
taken?
A: In the case of transfer of personal information due to business transfer or merger, etc., “the fact of transfer of personal information, contact
information such as name (name), address, and phone number of the transferee, and measures to be taken if the information subject does not
want to transfer personal information Methods and procedures must be informed to data subjects. However, if the person transferring personal
information (business operator) informs the relevant fact, the person receiving the transfer (business transferee, etc.) does not have to notify it. ,
Contact information such as name (name), address, phone number, etc. of the transferee, and methods and procedures to take action if the
information subject does not want to transfer personal information shall be informed to the information subject. However, if the person transferring
personal information (business operator) notifies the relevant fact, the person receiving the transfer (business transferee, etc.) does not need to
notify.

Q: Is it possible for the customer to sign directly on the PDA terminal as a method of consent to the collection and use of personal information
when signing a service use contract using a PDA terminal?
A: A method of signing through a PDA terminal is also possible. However, in this case, notices when collecting personal information must be
clearly notified to the information subject and consent must be obtained. If there are a lot of notices, information on how to confirm the
agreement (Internet address, etc.) should be provided. Answer It is also possible to sign through a PDA terminal. However, in this case, notices
when collecting personal information must be clearly notified to the information subject and consent must be obtained. If there are a lot of notices,
information on how to confirm the contents of the agreement (Internet address, etc.) should be provided.

Q: Travel agencies often receive inquiries and reservations over the phone. However, when personal information is collected over the phone,
it takes a very long time to notify all notices and obtain consent. Are there any other methods for obtaining the consent of the information
subject?
A: The law stipulates how to obtain consent according to each type of service, such as internet site, paper, e-mail, and telephone. In the case of
obtaining consent to the collection of personal information over the phone, consent can be obtained orally after notifying the information subject of
the consent and obtaining consent, or notifying important matters and providing information on the Internet address where relevant details can be
referenced. Answer The law stipulates the method of obtaining consent according to each type of service, such as internet site, paper, e-mail, and
telephone. In the case of obtaining consent to the collection of personal information over the phone, consent can be obtained orally after notifying
the information subject of the consent and obtaining consent, or notifying important matters and providing information on the Internet address where
relevant details can be referenced. there is.

Q: When there is a request for membership withdrawal, personal information is deleted from the member DB, but it is not deleted from the PR mail
DB, so there are cases in which promotional mails are sent even after membership withdrawal. Could this also be a problem?

A: When a data subject applies for membership withdrawal (withdrawal of consent), all services according to membership qualification,
such as receiving promotional emails, as well as basic membership cancellation, must be deleted without delay. In addition to the cancellation
of basic membership qualifications, all services according to membership qualifications, such as receiving promotional emails, must be deleted
without delay.



Q: I'm holding an event for a customer, and I'm leaving the ticket containing my personal information at the office. Are there any special
problems with storing personal information in this way?
A: Entrepreneurs must establish separate access control procedures for physical storage places where personal information is stored,
such as computer rooms and data storage rooms, and keep access records. Data and documents containing personal information, such
as tickets for events such as inquiries, should be stored in a separate place in the office and access control should be taken, or measures
to prevent physical access should be taken, such as at least locking devices. In addition, separate access control procedures must be
established for physical storage places where personal information is stored, such as data storage rooms, and access records must be kept.
Data and documents containing personal information, such as tickets for events such as inquiries, must be stored in a separate location within
the office, and access must be controlled, or at least a locking device must be provided to prevent physical access.

Q: For customer recruitment business, we plan to allow access to the personal information processing system to agencies and consignment
stores in addition to the head office. I want to know about the standards to be followed when granting access rights.
A: Entrepreneurs must limit the number of persons handling personal information to a minimum. In particular, the access authority to
the personal information processing system must be differentiated according to the person in charge within the minimum scope necessary
for the performance of duties. Even when granting access to the personal information processing system to agencies and subcontractors
as in the case of inquiries, the minimum number of persons must be granted access to the minimum number of persons within the necessary
scope, depending on the nature of the business. should be limited to a minimum. In particular, the access authority to the personal information
processing system must be differentiated according to the person in charge within the minimum scope necessary for the performance of
duties. Even when access rights to the personal information processing system are granted to agencies and consignment stores as in the case
of inquiries, access rights must be granted to the minimum number of people within the necessary scope according to the nature of the work.

Q: In many cases, the first 6 digits of members' resident registration numbers (date of birth) are used for service provision or consultation.
However, if all resident registration numbers are encrypted, a significant load is generated on the system due to encryption/decryption. Is
there no other way?
A: In principle, all resident registration numbers and passwords should be encrypted, but if the personal information needs to be used for system
operation or customer identification, only part of the personal information can be encrypted. - (Resident registration number) Encrypt more than 6
last digits except for the first 7 digits including date of birth and gender (Example: 750101-1******) Answer Resident registration number and
password should be encrypted in principle, but system operation However, if the personal information needs to be used for customer identification,
only a part of the personal information can be encrypted. - (Resident registration number) Excluding the first 7 digits including date of birth and
gender, encrypt more than 6 last digits (Example: 750101-1******)

Q: As a small-to-medium sized business with not many Internet members and the personal information it possesses is relatively simple, such as
name, ID, password, resident registration number, address, etc., should all personal information be encrypted?

A: Personal information that needs to be encrypted according to Articles 25 and 33 of the Decree refers to unique identification information,
passwords, and biometric information. Therefore, in this case, only the password and resident registration number are subject to encryption.
Personal information to be encrypted according to Articles 25 and 33 of the Decree of the Answer refers to unique identification information,
password, and bio information. Therefore, in this case, only the password and resident registration number are subject to encryption.

Q: It was said that I needed to install a vaccine program to prevent viruses, so I purchased the program and installed it on my PC. Are
there any further protective measures required?
A: Business operators must install and operate security programs such as vaccine software that can prevent and treat personal information
from being forged, altered, or leaked through malicious programs . It is important to install antivirus software at the beginning, but it is
continuously updated afterwards to prevent new and variant



In order to prevent malicious programs, vaccine software must be applied and maintained in the latest update state. Answer Business
operators must prevent forgery, falsification, and leakage of personal information through malicious programs, etc. should be installed
and operated. Although it is important to install vaccine software at the beginning, it is necessary to apply and maintain the latest
vaccine software to prevent new and variant malicious programs by continuously updating afterwards.

Q: What measures should be taken to prevent internal employees from leaking personal information from the personal information
processing system?
A: In order to prevent the leakage of personal information by internal employees, business operators must take measures to preserve
access records and prevent forgery and falsification. Entrepreneurs must preserve and manage records of personal information handlers
(employees, etc.) accessing the personal information processing system for at least one year (however, in the case of personal
information processing systems that process sensitive information and unique identification information, at least two years) storage),
and should be checked and supervised regularly at least once a month. The items of the access record shall include the account of the
personal information handler, the date and time of access, the access location information, the identification information of the processed
information subject (customer), and the tasks to be performed. In particular, if it is discovered that the personal information handler has
downloaded personal information, the reason for downloading must be confirmed as stipulated by the internal management plan, etc.
Measures to preserve and prevent forgery/falsification shall be taken. Entrepreneurs must preserve and manage records of personal
information handlers (employees, etc.) accessing the personal information processing system for at least one year (however, in the case
of personal information processing systems that process sensitive information and unique identification information, at least two years)
storage), and should be checked and supervised regularly at least once a month. The items of the access record shall include the account
of the personal information handler, the date and time of access, the access location information, the identification information of the
processed information subject (customer), and the tasks to be performed. In particular, if it is discovered that the personal information
handler has downloaded personal information, the reason for the download must be confirmed as prescribed by the internal management
plan, etc.

Q: In many cases, small business operators use only PCs to process their business without a separate personal information
processing system. In this case, should an intrusion prevention/detection system be installed and operated?
A: Entrepreneurs who process personal information only with business PCs without a personal information processing system
can use the access control function provided by the operating system (OS) or security program of their PC or laptop computer for
business use. Answer Individual Businesses that process personal information only with a business PC without an information
processing system can use the access control function provided by the operating system (OS) or security program of the business
computer such as a PC or laptop.

Q: I want to close my business due to poor management. In this case, what should be done with the customer's personal information?
A: Within 5 days from the end of the retention period, within 5 days from the date the personal information processing is deemed
unnecessary, when the personal information becomes unnecessary, such as the expiration of the retention period and the achievement
of the purpose of processing the personal information, etc. information must be destroyed. Electronic files must be permanently deleted
in a way that cannot be restored, and records, printed matter, and written materials must be shredded or incinerated so that they cannot
be restored or reproduced. If it is necessary to preserve it in accordance with other laws and regulations, the relevant personal
information (file) shall not be destroyed, but stored and managed separately from other personal information. When the personal
information becomes unnecessary, the personal information must be destroyed within 5 days from the end of the retention period and
within 5 days from the date when the processing of the personal information is deemed unnecessary. Electronic files must be permanently
deleted in a way that cannot be restored, and records, printed matter, and written materials must be shredded or incinerated so that they
cannot be restored or reproduced. If, according to other laws



If it is necessary to preserve, the relevant personal information (file) shall not be destroyed, but stored and managed
separately from other personal information.

Q: I'm trying to send an e-mail with book discount event information to the bookstore's membership members. However, if there
was no separate notice about 'marketing utilization' in the membership application form filled out by the members, check if there is
any problem in sending the e-mail.
A: If consent was obtained only for basic service purposes at the time of initial membership sign-up and separate consent
was not obtained for 'marketing use', it cannot be used for marketing activities such as sending event information e-mails, and
separate consent is required for this. However, Article 15 (3) of the amended Personal Information Protection Act, which took effect
on August 5, 20, allows personal information controllers to use personal information without the consent of the information subject
within the scope reasonably related to the original collection purpose, as prescribed by the Presidential Decree. Therefore, the
business operator must comprehensively consider the criteria set forth in Article 14-2 of the Enforcement Decree to determine
whether to consent or not. Answer If consent was obtained only for the basic service purpose at the time of initial membership
signup and consent was not given separately for 'marketing use', It cannot be used for marketing activities such as sending event
information e-mails, and separate consent must be obtained for this. However, Article 15 (3) of the amended Personal Information
Protection Act, which took effect on August 5, 20, allows personal information controllers to use personal information without the
consent of the information subject within the scope reasonably related to the original collection purpose, as prescribed by the
Presidential Decree. Therefore, the business operator must determine whether to agree or not by comprehensively considering the
criteria presented in Article 14-2 of the Enforcement Decree.

Q: A prize draw event was held for customers of a discount mart. I would like to know how to process the application form for the
event after the event ends.
A: When the prize draw event ends, the application form containing personal information must be destroyed within 5 days
after the end of the event, unless separate consent has been obtained from the applicant for the retention and use period of
personal information. Answer The prize draw event has ended. If a separate consent has been obtained from the applicant for
the period of retention and use of personal information, the application form containing the personal information must be destroyed
within 5 days after the end of the event.

Q: A member left a message requesting membership withdrawal and deletion of personal information on the bulletin
board three times, but I was busy with other work and could not process it. What's the matter?
A: The personal information controller shall take actions such as deletion within 10 days from the date of receipt of the personal
information deletion request and notify the relevant information subject with a result notice, except where special procedures are
stipulated in other laws and regulations regarding the deletion of personal information. do. In the case of a membership withdrawal
application through online, such as an inquiry, it is common that it can be processed immediately, so failing to process the request
for deletion of personal information three times just because you are busy is equivalent to not taking necessary measures. Except
for cases where special procedures are stipulated in other laws and regulations regarding the deletion of personal information, the
person shall take measures such as deletion within 10 days from the date of receipt of the personal information deletion request
and notify the relevant information subject with a notification of the result. In the case of a membership withdrawal request through
online, such as an inquiry, it is common that it can be processed immediately, so failing to process the request for deletion of
personal information three times just because you are busy corresponds to not taking necessary measures.

Q: The customer is requesting confirmation of all personal information use details, such as additional service subscription details, to
date. The amount of personal information usage history is very large. In this case, what should be done?

A: Business operators must take necessary measures within 10 days from the date of receipt of the request for access if there
is a request for access or provision of personal information from the subject of information. In the case of requesting personal
information use details such as additional service subscription details, even if the period is long and the amount is large,



It must be read and provided without delay. However, actual expenses such as fees and postage required for work such as
calculation of personal information usage details can be charged to the data subject. Answering Business operators, in the case
of a request for reading or providing their own information from the information subject, on the date of receipt of the reading request
Necessary measures must be taken within 10 days from In the case of a request for personal information use details, such as
additional service subscription details, it must be viewed and provided without delay, even if the period is long and the amount is
large. However, actual expenses such as fees and postage required for work such as calculation of personal information usage
details can be charged to the information subject.

Q: I run a franchise restaurant, and after receiving a written membership application form from customers, I have provided services
such as point accumulation and new menu information. However, a customer asked for confirmation saying that he had never
agreed to the membership application form. What to do in this case?

A: If a request for confirmation is received from the information subject on whether or not to consent to the collection of personal
information, the member's application form must be presented without delay so that it can be read and confirmed whether the
consent form is signed by hand. Answer Personal information from the information subject In the case of receiving a request for
confirmation of whether or not to consent to collection, the member must present the membership application form without delay so
that it can be read and verified whether the consent is written by hand.

Q: Can a bereaved family request withdrawal from membership on behalf of a deceased person?
A: If the information subject dies, the bereaved family can apply for withdrawal by providing the member's death certificate,
family relation register, etc. Personal information pursuant to the Personal Information Protection Act is limited to information about
'individuals who are currently living'. However, if the information of the deceased indicates the relationship between the deceased and
the bereaved family or violates the privacy of the bereaved family, etc., this Act can be applied as it is information of the deceased and
related bereaved family at the same time. In the case of the death of the member, the bereaved family can apply for withdrawal by
providing the member's death certificate and family relation register. Personal information pursuant to the Personal Information
Protection Act is limited to information about 'individuals who are currently living'. However, if the information of the deceased indicates
the relationship between the deceased and the bereaved family or violates the privacy of the bereaved family, etc., this law can be
applied as it is the information of the deceased and related bereaved family at the same time.

Q: Is it mandatory to create a “membership withdrawal” menu on the website? Is it not possible to receive membership
withdrawal requests via e-mail or phone?
A: It is also possible to withdraw from membership by phone or e-mail. However, requesting membership withdrawal via
phone or e-mail is more inconvenient than the membership withdrawal menu on the website, and above all, it may be difficult to verify
whether the member is a member (personal authentication). Therefore, for online members, it is desirable to configure a “membership
withdrawal menu” so that identity authentication and membership withdrawal can be carried out on the website whenever possible.
However, requesting membership withdrawal via phone or e-mail is more inconvenient than the membership withdrawal menu on the
website, and above all, it may be difficult to verify whether the member is a member (personal authentication). Therefore, it is desirable
to configure a “membership withdrawal menu” so that members who have joined online can authenticate themselves and withdraw from
membership on the website whenever possible.

Q: The data subject requested withdrawal. How should I respond?
A: In case of receiving a membership withdrawal request from the information subject, the business operator must, in principle, take
measures without delay, such as destroying the collected personal information and canceling membership. ÿ Measures following
withdrawal of consent • The information subject has the right to consent to the collection, use, and provision of his or her personal
information by business operators, but also has the right to withdraw the consent at any time. • However, in the actual form of
business, “membership withdrawal application, service



As terms such as "application for refusal" are frequently used, it is necessary to determine which type of consent
withdrawal the information subject's request corresponds to and take necessary measures. Answer Measures such as
destroying information and canceling membership must be taken without delay. ÿ Measures following withdrawal of
consent • The information subject has the right to consent to the collection, use, and provision of his or her personal
information by business operators, but also has the right to withdraw the consent at any time. • However, since terms
such as “membership withdrawal application, service denial application” are often used rather than “withdrawal of consent
to the collection, use, and provision of personal information” in the actual business form, the information subject’s request
is to withdraw consent of any type. It is necessary to determine whether it is applicable and take the necessary action.

Q: Is consent required for CCTV shooting?
A: Since it is practically impossible to obtain the consent of passers-by for CCTVs installed in open places, it is
possible to install them without consent (replacing with information board notices) within a limited purpose of
installation (crime prevention, facility safety, etc.). In Article 58, Paragraph 2 of the Personal Information Protection
Act, CCTV-related content is stipulated as one of the legal exceptions. Article 15 (Collection and Use of Personal
Information) and Article 22 (Method of Obtaining Consent) of the Act do not apply to personal information processed by
installing and operating CCTVs in public places. That is, consent is not required. In general, 'public places' means public
places such as roads, parks, airports, ports, plazas, parking lots, playgrounds, buses, taxis, shopping malls, restaurants,
etc., or places where an unspecified or limited number of people are allowed to use or enter. do. It doesn't matter who
the owner of the place is. Even private land owned by an individual should be considered a public place if it is open to a
large number of unspecified people. Article 25 of the Act does not apply to non-public places (inside offices, workplaces,
etc.), but general principles such as Article 15 of the Act apply. <Judicial precedents on “open places”> Judicial precedents
on “open places” in the ÿRoad Traffic Actÿ and ÿPublic Official Election Actÿ can be referred to. An apartment complex or a
passageway in a university district that is open and accessible to anyone by car is considered an open place for the passage
of an unspecified number of people or vehicles (Supreme Court 2006.1.13. Decision 2005Do6986) o It is not for a specific
commercial building A public parking lot that is not resident/managed by a manager, has no access barriers, is operated free
of charge, and can be used by an unspecified number of people at any time is judged to be an open place for the passage of
an unspecified number of people or vehicles (Supreme Court 2005. 9. 15. Decision 2005Do3781) o Places such as blind
alleys in residential areas in this case are also applicable unless they are places that can only be used by specific people or
those who have specific business related to them and are managed independently (Supreme Court Decided on June 22,
1993) 93Do828 ruling) o Although the hospital itself is a business place that treats patients and is an open place where a
large number of people come and go, each hospital room inside it is used by the hospital to provide medical treatment or
services accompanying it. It is a place where access is permitted only when entering or exiting a patient or when a visitor
who has a close relationship with a patient enters for the purpose of visiting the patient, etc., but it is not a place open to the
public so that unspecified or large numbers of people can freely enter and leave at any time (Daegu High Court 2007.3. 15.
Sentence 2007 No 38 Decision) Answer Since it is practically impossible to obtain consent from passers-by for CCTVs
installed in open places, it is possible to install without consent (replacing with information board notices) within a limited
purpose of installation (crime prevention, facility safety, etc.) Do. In Article 58, Paragraph 2 of the Personal Information
Protection Act, CCTV-related content is stipulated as one of the legal exceptions. Article 15 (Collection and Use of Personal
Information) and Article 22 (Method of Obtaining Consent) of the Act do not apply to personal information processed by
installing and operating CCTVs in public places. That is, consent is not required. In general, 'public places' means public
places such as roads, parks, airports, ports, plazas, parking lots, playgrounds, buses, taxis, shopping malls, restaurants, etc.,
or places where an unspecified or limited number of people are allowed to use or enter. do. It doesn't matter who the owner
of the place is. Even private land owned by an individual should be considered a public place if it is open to a large number
of unspecified people. Article 25 of the Act does not apply to non-public places (inside offices, workplaces, etc.), but general
principles such as Article 15 of the Act apply. In <Public places>



Judicial precedents on the case > Refer to precedents on 'open place' in the ÿRoad Traffic Actÿ and ÿPublic Official Election Actÿ A passageway in an apartment
complex or college district is considered an open place for the passage of an unspecified number of people or vehicles (Supreme Court ruling 2005Do6986,
January 13, 2006) o It is not for a specific commercial building, and a manager does not reside or manage A public parking lot that is operated free of charge and
can be used by an unspecified number of people at any time is judged to be an open place for the passage of an unspecified number of people or vehicles
(Supreme Court 2005.9.15. Decision 2005Do3781) o As long as it is not a place that can only be used by specific people or those who have a specific business
related to them and is not independently managed, this case also applies to places such as dead ends in residential areas (Supreme Court Decision 93Do828,
June 22, 1993) o Although the hospital itself is a business place where patients are treated, it is an open place where a large number of people come and go. It is
a place where visitors with a close relationship are allowed to enter only for the purpose of visiting the hospital, etc., and it is not an open place where unspecified
or large numbers of people can freely enter and exit at any time (Daegu High Court 2007.3.15. Decided 2007 No 38) verdict)

Q: I receive my name, address, resident registration number, and phone number when I register for patient care at the hospital. Do I need to obtain a
personal information collection and use consent form at this time as well?
A: In the case of medical institutions, it is mandatory to write the name, address, and resident registration number when preparing medical records in
relation to medical treatment in accordance with the Medical Act and the Enforcement Rules of the Act, so personal information can be collected and used
within the purpose of treatment without the consent of the information subject. . In the case of phone numbers, consent is not required if they are collected and
used for notification of test results and emergency contact, such as prescription errors. However, consent must be obtained if the information is collected and
used for purposes other than medical purposes, such as contact information for hospital newsletters, health information, and vaccination promotion. However,
Article 15 (3) of the amended Personal Information Protection Act, which took effect on August 5, 20, allows personal information controllers to use personal
information without the consent of the information subject within the scope reasonably related to the original collection purpose, as prescribed by the
Presidential Decree. Therefore, business operators must comprehensively consider the criteria set forth in Article 14-2 of the Enforcement Decree to determine
whether to consent or not. Answer In the case of medical institutions, name, address, and resident registration number when preparing a medical record in
relation to medical treatment in accordance with the Medical Act and the Enforcement Rules of the same Act Since it is mandatory to write down the
information, it is possible to collect and use personal information within the purpose of treatment without the consent of the information subject. In the case of
phone numbers, consent is not required if they are collected and used for notification of test results and emergency contact, such as prescription errors.
However, consent must be obtained if the information is collected and used for purposes other than medical purposes, such as contact information for hospital
newsletters, health information, and vaccination promotion. However, Article 15 (3) of the amended Personal Information Protection Act, which took effect on
August 5, 20, allows personal information controllers to use personal information without the consent of the information subject within the scope reasonably
related to the original collection purpose, as prescribed by the Presidential Decree. Therefore, the business operator must determine whether to agree or not
by comprehensively considering the criteria presented in Article 14-2 of the Enforcement Decree.

Q: Is the personal information of Koreans residing abroad or foreigners not specified as unique identification information in the Enforcement Decree, in
particular, whether 'unique identification information commonly used in individual countries' is excluded from the application of the law?
A: This Act and its Enforcement Decree stipulate that resident registration number, passport number, driver's license number, and alien registration
number are unique identification information, and other personal information, such as 'unique identification information commonly used in individual
countries' as mentioned above, is protected as personal information. A. This Act and its Enforcement Decree stipulate that resident registration number,
passport number, driver's license number, and alien registration number are unique identification information, and other personal information, such as
'unique identification information commonly used in individual countries', is personal information. are protected



Q: What is sensitive information? Is it considered that information that is sensitive to an individual other than what is prescribed by the
law and enforcement decree is included in sensitive information?
A: Laws and enforcement ordinances are information about ideology, belief, membership in/withdrawal from trade unions (political parties),
political opinions, health, sex life, genetic information, criminal record, and information about physical, physiological, and behavioral characteristics
of individuals. As it is limited to information generated through means and racial or ethnic information, information other than that is not considered
sensitive information. Answer Sexual life, genetic information, information on criminal records, information on the physical, physiological, and behavioral
characteristics of individuals, which are generated through certain technical means, and are limited to race or ethnic information, so other information
is considered sensitive information. don't see

Q: In the case of various employee investigations for audit purposes, such as leakage of secrets, they must be conducted confidentially. Do I
have to notify/agree in advance?
A: As one of the reasons for exemption from consent to the collection of personal information, this Act stipulates 'cases that are necessary to
achieve the legitimate interests of the personal information manager and clearly take precedence over the rights of the data subject'. It seems likely that
this item is applicable. However, even in this case, it is limited to 'limited to cases that are significantly related to the legitimate interests of the personal
information manager and do not exceed a reasonable scope'. Since public institutions are subject to the ÿPublic Audit Actÿ, they can be collected and
used without the consent of the information subject if they are audited pursuant to this law. As the case where it is necessary to achieve profit and clearly
takes precedence over the rights of the information subject', it seems that there is a possibility that this item falls under the specific factual relationship.
However, even in this case, it is limited to 'limited to cases that are significantly related to the legitimate interests of the personal information manager and
do not exceed a reasonable scope'. Since public institutions are subject to the ÿPublic Audit Actÿ, they can be collected and used without the consent of
the information subject if they are audited in accordance with the Act.

Q: What about marketing using open information such as graduation albums and alumni lists?
A: So-called “disclosed personal information” can only be used within the purpose for which it was originally disclosed. For example, if it is an alumni
association list, it can only be used for mutual contact and promotion of friendship among the members, and cannot be used for marketing activities
without the member's consent. In addition, if you provide a list of alumni associations to a third party other than alumni, you may be punished for
violating Article 18 of the Act. For example, if it is an alumni association list, it can only be used for mutual contact and promotion of friendship among
the members, and cannot be used for marketing activities without the member's consent. In addition, if you provide a list of alumni associations to a
third party who is not alumni, you may be punished for violating Article 18 of the Act.

Q: Should the consent of the data subject be obtained even when personal information is collected through business cards provided by the
data subject, phone book, or open Internet homepage?
A: In the case of collecting personal information by receiving a business card or similar medium directly from the information subject, the
information subject clearly expresses the intention to consent or, if not, it is said that there was an intention to consent in light of the circumstances
of providing the business card, etc. It can only be used within the permitted range. In addition, even when personal information is collected through
a phone book or an open Internet homepage, the intention of the data subject to post or permit the posting of his/her personal information is clearly
indicated on the Internet homepage, etc. Answer In the case of collecting personal information by receiving a business card or a similar medium
directly from the information subject, the information subject clearly expresses the intention to consent or, if not, the business card, etc. In light of
the circumstances in which the information is provided, it can be used only within the scope where it is recognized that there was an intention to
consent in terms of social norms.



there is. In addition, even when personal information is collected through a phone book or an open Internet homepage, the intention of the
data subject to post or permit the posting of his/her personal information is clearly indicated on the Internet homepage, etc. It must be used
within the range recognized that there was an intention to do so.

Q: Who should be designated as the person in charge of personal information protection in the case of a business site or organization?

A: The person in charge of personal information protection is the person who decides the overall matters related to personal information processing
and is responsible for the overall results thereof, so he must have practical authority over the collection, use, and provision of personal information,
and he must have some independent opinion within the organization. You must be in a position to make decisions. In the case of non-public
institutions, the person in charge of personal information protection can be designated from ÿ business owner or representative ÿ executive (if
there is no executive, the head of the department in charge of handling personal information). As a person who decides matters and is responsible
for the overall results, he must have practical authority over the collection, use, and provision of personal information, and must be in a position to
make independent decisions to some extent within the organization. In the case of non-public institutions, the person in charge of personal
information protection can be designated from ÿ business owner or representative ÿ executive (if there is no executive, the head of the department
in charge of personal information processing).

Q: Is the person who handles the personal information provided by the personal information manager the personal information manager?
A: Not only the information subject, but also the person who processes the personal information provided by other personal information
processors is a personal information processor. .

Q: What is the scope of 'personal information processor'?

A: All businesses, organizations, institutions, individuals, public institutions, etc. that process personal information directly or entrusted for
business purposes are personal information processors. Entrepreneurs, organizations, institutions, individuals, public institutions, etc. are
personal information processors.

Q: Question 4. What type of industry is the ÿPersonal Information Protection Actÿ applied to?
A: In the public sector, all approximately 28,000 public institutions, including constitutional institutions such as the National Assembly, courts, and the Constitutional
Court, the National Human Rights Commission of Korea, central administrative institutions and affiliated institutions, local governments, public corporations, and
public corporations, are applied. In addition, about 3.5 million 72 industries and all businesses are also subject to the law. Since it has the nature of a general law, it
includes portals, network operators, hospitals, financial institutions, manufacturing companies, service industries, courier companies, one-person business operators,
flower shops, real estate agents, pharmacies, and oil refineries. On the other hand, non-profit organizations such as alumni associations, professional organizations,
business associations, and clubs are also subject to the application of the law. The public sector includes constitutional institutions such as the National Assembly,
courts, and the Constitutional Court, the National Human Rights Commission, central administrative agencies and affiliated organizations, local governments, All
approximately 28,000 public institutions, including public corporations and public corporations, are covered. In addition, about 3.5 million 72 industries and all businesses
are also subject to the law. Since it has the nature of a general law, it includes portals, network operators, hospitals, financial institutions, manufacturing companies,
service industries, courier companies, one-person business operators, flower shops, real estate agents, pharmacies, and oil refineries. Meanwhile, non-profit organizations
such as alumni associations, professional organizations, business associations, and clubs are also subject to the law.

Q: An accident occurred in which customers' personal information was exposed on our company's homepage. Customers who have suffered
damage say they will file a lawsuit for damages. Is there any way to smoothly resolve the case without going through a lawsuit?

A: If you apply for mediation to the Personal Information Dispute Mediation Committee, you can resolve the dispute in a relatively short time
without going through legal procedures. The Personal Information Dispute Mediation Committee is composed of up to 20 experts from the legal,
academia, consumer and business groups, including the chairperson.



If the application is received, a mediation decision is made through fact-finding and agreement between the parties within 60 days from
the date of receipt of the case. Any dispute resulting from infringement of personal information can be subject to mediation, and both
the data subject and business operator can apply for mediation. Answer If you apply for mediation to the Personal Information Dispute
Mediation Committee, the dispute can be resolved in a relatively short time without going through legal procedures. can be solved The
Personal Information Dispute Mediation Committee is composed of up to 20 experts from the legal, academia, consumer and business
groups, including the chairperson. When a dispute mediation application is received, it conducts fact-finding and reaches an agreement
between the parties within 60 days from the date of receipt of the case. and make adjustment decisions. Any dispute resulting from
personal information infringement can be subject to mediation, and both the information subject and business operator can apply for
dispute mediation.

Q: I am trying to destroy the personal information of members who have withdrawn from the shopping mall, but
some members have yet to pay installment fees or the product A/S period remains. What to do in these cases?
A: Business operators must destroy personal information without delay when the purpose of collection
and use of personal information is achieved. can - On the other hand, even in the case of information and
communication service providers, the latter part of Article 39-6 stipulates that ""if other laws or other laws or
users' requests" are stipulated to comply with them. can be preserved For example, the Consumer Protection
Act and Enforcement Decree in Electronic Commerce, etc. require that records on payment and supply of goods
be kept for 5 years. It is possible to retain personal information for a year. A Business operator must destroy
personal information without delay when the purpose of collection and use of personal information is achieved.
Information can be preserved without being destroyed. - On the other hand, even in the case of information and
communication service providers, the latter part of Article 39-6 stipulates that ""if other laws or other laws or
users' requests" are stipulated to comply with them. can be preserved For example, the Consumer Protection
Act and Enforcement Decree in Electronic Commerce, etc. require that records on payment and supply of goods
be kept for 5 years. Personal information can be stored for a year.

Q: What does privacy mean?
A: Personal information protection means ensuring the 'right to self-determination of personal information' of the information
subject by ensuring that the personal information of the information subject is safely collected, used, processed, and managed,
and is not collected, used, or provided without the consent of the information subject. can do. 'Personal information' generally
refers to "information that identifies or can identify a specific individual". The amended Personal Information Protection Act, which
came into effect on August 5, 2020, allows personal information or personally identifiable information to be pseudonymized so that
information that cannot identify a specific individual without the use or combination of additional information to restore it to its original
state (pseudonymized information) Under the Personal Information Protection Act, it is explicitly stipulated that it is personal
information. Therefore, pseudonymous information is also included in personal information. In other words, all information related to
an individual can be personal information (e.g. name, address, contact information, occupation, etc.). Personal information includes
not only information directly related to the individual, but also other people's opinions about the individual. Indirect information (e.g.,
credit rating information, etc.) generated by third parties, such as reviews, ratings, opinions, etc., may also be applicable. 1)
Information about individuals - Personal information under the law is limited to “information about natural persons”. Information of
corporations or organizations does not fall within the scope of personal information protected by law. 2) Information about living
individuals - Personal data under the law is only information about “living” natural persons. Therefore, information about a person who
has already died or is considered dead under related laws, such as a missing person report under the Civil Act, cannot be regarded as
personal information under the law. 3) Information that can identify a specific living individual - In order to qualify as personal information
under the law, the information must be able to “recognize (identify) a specific individual,” and even if the specific individual cannot be
identified with the information alone, “other easily combined with information” to identify



Where possible, it applies to personal data. For example, it is not easy to identify a specific individual if there is only
“name” information (same name, etc.). ÿ Meaning of personal information protection • Personal information protection
means that a business operator handling personal information collects and uses personal information legitimately, such as
obtaining the consent of the information subject in the process of collecting and using the personal information of the information
subject. In the process of storing and managing personal information, it refers to a series of actions and measures to ensure
that information subject's right to self-determination of personal information is properly exercised, and to prevent leakage,
alteration, or damage from intentional or careless management by insiders or external attacks. .Answer Personal information
protection means ensuring the information subject's 'right to self-determination of personal information' by ensuring that the
personal information of the information subject is safely collected, used, processed, and managed and is not collected, used, or
provided without the consent of the information subject. can do. 'Personal information' generally refers to "information that
identifies or can identify a specific individual". The amended Personal Information Protection Act, which came into effect on
August 5, 2020, allows personal information or personally identifiable information to be pseudonymized so that information that
cannot identify a specific individual without the use or combination of additional information to restore it to its original state
(pseudonymized information) Under the Personal Information Protection Act, it is explicitly stipulated that it is personal
information. Therefore, pseudonymous information is also included in personal information. In other words, all information related
to an individual can be personal information (e.g. name, address, contact information, occupation, etc.). Personal information
includes not only information directly related to the individual, but also other people's opinions about the individual. Indirect
information (e.g., credit rating information, etc.) generated by third parties, such as reviews, ratings, opinions, etc., may also be
applicable. 1) Information about individuals - Personal information under the law is limited to “information about natural persons”.
Information of corporations or organizations does not fall within the scope of personal information protected by law. 2) Information
about living individuals - Personal data under the law is only information about “living” natural persons. Therefore, information
about a person who has already died or is considered dead under related laws, such as a missing person report under the Civil
Act, cannot be regarded as personal information under the law. 3) Information that can identify a specific living individual - In
order to qualify as personal information under the law, the information must be able to “recognize (identify) a specific individual,”
and even if the specific individual cannot be identified with the information alone, “other It is personal information if it can be
identified by easily combining it with information. For example, it is not easy to identify a specific individual if there is only “name”
information (same name, etc.). ÿ Meaning of personal information protection • Personal information protection means that a
business operator handling personal information collects and uses personal information legitimately, such as obtaining the
consent of the information subject in the process of collecting and using the personal information of the information subject. In
the process of storing and managing personal information, it refers to a series of actions and measures that ensure that
information subject's right to self-determination of personal information is properly exercised, and that it is not leaked, falsified,
or damaged from intentional or negligent management by insiders or external attacks. .

