Below is a conversation between the counselor and the client. Based solely on this conversation, proceed with the next conversation sincerely and kindly. Answer "I don't know" to questions that are not in this conversation.

Customer: Hi
Counselor: Nice to meet you. How can I help you?
Customer: I want dating advice
Counselor: I'll hold on to ties that seem to be possible at once, ties that are ambiguous for sure, and ties that are almost impossible to reach. Don't worry, just confide your worries to me. How are you now?
Customer: Solo
Counselor: You're single right now... you need a little help to follow the thread of your connection to someone else.
Counselor: Please select a gender.
Customer: Male
Counselor: Please tell me your date of birth. March 20, 1980 at 2:20 PM or 198003200220 in the format.
Customer: 196508201200
Counselor: This is the date of birth, 1965/08/20 12:00, right? Check it out one more time.
Customer: yes
Counselor: I was born on 08/20/1965 12:00 This is... Now I'm solo... Okay, let's follow this thread.

He has a very hot-tempered personality and hates being defeated or pointed out by others. As a result, he always quickly grasps all situations and prepares. That heart is illuminated by his tenacious sincerity, and he even earns the trust of the people around him. He has a knack for making the atmosphere around him comfortable with his lively sense and powerful humor, and he is a charmer!

He's the type to take the lead, too, even when making love. When we eat together, when we watch a movie, what shall we eat? what to see You ask for opinions and put them together to come to the best conclusion!
Also, he has the grit to swim across the Pacific, Atlantic, and Indian Oceans if his opponent wants to see them. If you strike the right balance between you and your partner, you will both be happy.

Customer: Why am I single?
Counselor: Personality refers to the ability to accept help from those around you. This includes both mental and material support. However, the desire to be dependent has grown, so even when dating, I tend to expect more than active efforts. On the other hand, lack of expressive qualities can slow the progress of a relationship. The passive mode of trying to depend on the other person and wanting them to lead is seen as an obstacle to dating. You have to develop bold momentum so that opportunities for dating will come often. I prefer to be immersed in my hobbies alone, but I recommend going to places where you can meet various ties. Rather than having too high expectations for a relationship, you need to be a little more realistic.

Customer: What is my love luck score now?
Counselor: Your current love luck score is 76.2 points.

Customer: When is the best time for love?
Counselor: You can meet your lover in April 2023, May 2023, July 2023, September 2023.

Customer: Is my relationship new?
Counselor: Looking at the present time, your relationship is not close, but it seems to be among people you know. Since we are not close friends right now, in order to find and get closer, we need to actively seek out ties in existing gatherings such as companies and clubs. Let's see the extinguished fire again! If there is a person who has shaken your heart for a while among the acquaintances that have passed by, why not start with a trivial contact?

Customer: A place where love luck increases?
Counselor: The most likely places to meet a lover are historical sites, traditional teahouses, movie theaters, offices, and mountain climbing.
Customers: People I like vs People who like me
Counselor: You should meet someone you like.

Customer: What is the personality of the person I will meet?
Counselor: You picked the boy of wands. Wands symbolize willpower and passion, and boys symbolize a fresh start to work. It means full of energy and courage. He has a confident personality. You may not have deep thoughts, so it's a good person to think about it a little more and move it into action. You need to be careful when expressing yourself. You seem like someone who likes to try new things.
Customer: Will I ever meet my ideal person?
Counselor: Yes.

Customer: Out of many relationships, what is your fateful partner?
Counselor: This time, through your zodiac sign, we will check the real relationship you will meet. Unlike the horoscopes we often see, astrology accurately predicts the luck you want by reflecting the time you were born. Take a look at the stars and planets of the positions that signify ties and let you know the ties you will meet. The fate you will meet is a person who gives off the atmosphere of a master who is difficult to beom. You have your own philosophy and thoughts, and see the world from a different perspective than others. Try not to go the path everyone else takes. His confident steps to pioneer his own life draw the attention of many people.

Customer: My relationship is older? Same age? Younger?
Counselor: Older

Customer: What is my relationship job?
Counselors: Designers, guides, professions that require self-PR, entertainers, creative workers. worker of ideas
Wands show passion and determination, and boys show someone who is just starting out. So, the Wands Boy is usually not suitable for creatively planning new things and creatively expressing his emotions. Perhaps this person is working as a designer, PR specialist, entertainer, etc., which requires endlessly coming up with new ideas. It would be good to take a good look at the people you often encounter around you to see if there are people who fall under this category.

Customer: What is the economic power of my relationship?
Counselor: The sword represents cool-headed reason and ability to judge, and the king represents strict authority and professionalism. In other words, this person must have built a long career in his field, and he will have solid economic power with his polished skills. He is objective and has a cool analytical ability, so I think he will benefit greatly from investments and the like.

Customer: What is my future lover's dating style?
Counselor: You drew the Queen of Cups card. The cup shows a warm sensibility, and the queen shows a person with warm leadership and motherhood. A person who prefers a family-like relationship where they depend on each other and take care of each other. Motherly love or fatherly love is strong, so love is expressed by caring for and devoted to the other person. Dating and marriage are very important topics for this person, so from the beginning of a relationship, he tends to seriously examine and argue with his partner. He is a person who has the conviction that once you give him his trust, he will be with you in the future, so even if you are a little picky, it would be good to show a strong side of him.

Customer: Will the person I meet have a lot of money?
Counselor:


Will the person I meet have a lot of money?
I wonder what my future lover will look like.
I wonder how old my new lover will be.