Resolving Conflict Through Accepting Compromise in a Relationship 
When couples are starting out, they may envision their relationship being perfect and easy-going. However, in reality, relationships take hard work, commitment and compromise in order to thrive. When two people bring different values and life experiences to a relationship, it can be tough to work through varying beliefs and behaviors. That’s why it’s important to communicate openly and find ways to resolve problems that arise. Accepting compromise is key in a successful relationship.
One of the most important factors of lasting relationships is to accept that neither partner can get everything they want. Coming to terms with the fact that compromise is necessary is a key part of dealing with conflict. It doesn’t mean that one partner gets to have it their way all the time, but rather that each person is willing to give and take when there is disagreement. 
Having a mutual understanding of values and expectations from the beginning can help to prevent conflict down the road. For example, if one partner wants to focus on their career and the other wants to start a family sooner rather than later, it’s important to discuss and reach compromises on these points before marriage. That way, there aren’t any surprises down the road when one partner decides to take a new job or wants to move somewhere else.
Though it can be intimidating to tackle tough conversations head on, it's important to openly discuss each other’s values, expectations, and dreams for the future. This isn’t meant to cause tension but rather open up lines of communication and understanding. If a couple can discuss their different values and beliefs and reach a compromise, it can help to strengthen the relationship instead of creating a rift.
When two people come together it can be a beautiful thing. It doesn’t mean that there won’t be disagreements, but with a mutual understanding of each other’s values, it strengthens the relationship and allows the couple to build a unique bond. Accepting compromise is essential for long-term success.