How to Divide Chores as a Couple and Reduce Stress
No matter how much you love each other, when stress levels rise due to day-to-day life, couples often struggle with arguments and tension. One way to reduce stress and make sure you are both holding up your end of the bargain is to divvy up daily tasks and make sure each of you are doing your part. Assigning chores is also a great way to show support for each other and make sure you are both investing in the relationship.
The first step to getting control of all the daily tasks is to sit down and make a list. Brainstorm all the tasks that need to be done around the house. This should include things from the mundane, like taking out the garbage and doing the laundry, to the more complicated tasks, such as grocery shopping, running errands, and taking care of the bills. Once the list is complete, you and your partner can decide who is better suited to handle each task.
Once the list is complete, it’s important to follow through and make sure the tasks get done in a timely manner. Some couples find it helpful to assign a certain day of the week for certain tasks, while others prefer to discuss the tasks each day and decide who is the best suited to do them. Either way, it’s important to talk through the tasks and openly communicate about who is going to do what.
If stress is an ongoing issue in your relationship, it’s also important to ask yourself what other factors may be contributing. Are you both shouldering too much of the responsibilities outside the house? Do you each get enough down time? Are you both trying to be too perfect in other areas of your life? Evaluating these questions and taking time to create a plan to address any underlying stressors can make a huge difference in reducing stress and allowing you to better support each other.
Finally, when it comes to handling stress, remember to be patient with each other and practice grace when it comes to assigning daily tasks. Even if you don’t always get it right, focusing on communication and understanding each other’s needs can help you both to reduce stress and stay connected.