How to Develop an Effective Work-Life Balance in Your Relationship
In any relationship, it’s important to stay connected and to have time for yourself as well as for your partner. Unfortunately, in many relationships, one partner may end up taking on the majority of the workload, both in and out of the home, leaving the other partner feeling overwhelmed, neglected, and taken for granted. To keep this from happening, couples must learn to develop a healthy and balanced work-life relationship within the relationship. 
Set Boundaries
The first step to creating a healthy balance between work and life is to set boundaries. Discuss with your partner what is expected of each of you both at work and at home. Make sure that you are both taking on a fair share of the workload and tasks. Both partners should also be able to take time to rest and enjoy their down time.
Create a Schedule
Create a schedule that works for the both of you. Try to schedule family time, alone time, and work-related obligations. Make sure that your partner is aware of the plan and stick to it. This will help keep you accountable and ensure that both of you are getting the time you need to stay connected and keep up with your obligations.
Learn to Communicate
Part of learning how to manage stress in a relationship is learning how to communicate with each other. Talk about your feelings, worries, and concerns with your partner. This will help to create a stronger bond with your partner and will give you both the chance to work through any issues that need to be addressed.
Develop Supportive Habits
Develop supportive habits to help each other during difficult times. Be supportive and encouraging of each other when times get tough. Doing little things like bringing home flowers, making dinner, and sending kind messages can help your partner feel more supported and connected.
By developing a healthy and balanced work-life relationship within the relationship, couples can learn how to manage stress and support each other during difficult times. Setting boundaries, creating a schedule, learning to communicate, and developing supportive habits can help to ensure that both people in the relationship are getting the time they need and are staying connected.