Managing Debt Together: A Guide to Achieving Financial Goals as a Couple
When it comes to finances, talking about debt is often difficult for couples. No matter if it’s a business, student, or personal debt, it can put a real strain on a relationship. It’s important to have a conversation about any debt jointly held, however, as it can have a lasting effect on both of your financial futures. Here, we’ll discuss ways to approach this delicate subject to ensure that you both come out ahead financially.
Start With an Open Discussion
The most important step in tackling debt together is to talk about it. Schedule a time to sit down and discuss what kinds of debt you both have and why it exists. This can be a difficult conversation, and it may bring up emotions for everyone involved. Make sure to listen actively to each other and take into consideration the other person's point of view. 
Form a Plan
After you’ve both had a chance to get your feelings out, it’s time to form a plan. Start by making a list of all the debts that you both have and rank them in order of importance. Talk about how you both can contribute to paying them off. If one of you has a steady source of income and the other doesn’t, consider ways in which the partner who doesn’t have a steady income can still contribute to paying off the debt.
Create Goals
Once you’ve got a plan, set some goals. Break down the payments you’d like to make into smaller goals, so that it can be more manageable. Then, figure out how you’ll stay on track. Whether that’s utilizing budgeting apps or printing out your payment plan and sticking it to your fridge, figure out the best way for both of you to stay accountable.
Reward Each Other
Rewards can go a long way when it comes to paying off debt. When you’ve met a goal, celebrate by splurging just a little bit. This can help to keep you both motivated as you continue to make progress. However, be sure that your reward falls within your budget, so as not to derail your efforts.
Managing joint debt can be a difficult task, but by working together you can make it a lot easier. Using the steps we’ve outlined above, you and your partner should be able to come up with an effective plan to tackle your shared debt. With hard work and dedication, you can both achieve a debt free future.