Setting Household Chores: Achieving Goals Together in a Girlfriend or Boyfriend Relationship
When two people decide to move in together, it can be an exciting time as they head down the path to a more committed relationship. Yet the reality of sharing a home can quickly become complicated if they don't know who is responsible for what chores. Negotiating who is doing what and how often it will happen prevents arguments and builds a strong foundation of trust and understanding in a couple's relationship.
Household chores need to be discussed early and often. Couples should be candid and open about what they can and cannot do. For example, if one partner has a greater financial responsibility, then the other partner may be willing to take on additional household chores in exchange. If one partner works longer hours, then there may be a need for the other to take on more of the housework to even out the load. These conversations should be respectful and honest, as each partner must be willing to compromise and come to a consensus.
Once the chores are divided, couples should discuss how to manage them. Each partner should make sure to share the workload evenly throughout the week. It is also important for each partner to take on tasks that they can complete effectively. Additionally, couples should be mindful of the tasks that are more emotionally or mentally draining and make sure to split those up evenly as well. 
To keep each other on track, couples should keep a list of their tasks and check it regularly. Setting reminders on their phones can also be helpful in ensuring that tasks are completed on time. Couples can even reward each other for completing the tasks. This simple display of appreciation reinforces the idea that the couple is working together as a team. 
In relationships, it is essential that couples strive to understand each other's needs and create a system of support. Setting household chores and designating responsibility is a great way to facilitate a level of trust and respect. Couples who are willing to communicate clearly, flexibly, and often will be able to set goals for their relationship and achieve them together.