Respect: The Foundation of a Healthy Relationship
How to Develop Respect and Understanding in Couples
In any kind of relationship, regardless of romantic or platonic, respect is the foundation for mutual understanding, appreciation, and trust. When you and your partner prioritize respecting each other, you are making a conscious effort to build a stable, enduring relationship. Establishing mutual respect in a relationship builds a clear foundation that will help you to identify and prioritize your goals and values. 
Why Respect is Vital
Respect is essential for any relationship because it encourages communication and understanding. When respect is present, it opens the door for healthy dialogue about values, goals, and differences of opinion. This communication encourages compromise, compromise leads to compromise, and compromise creates a strong bond between the two partners that will outlast any conflict or difficulty. Respecting each other also speaks to personal commitment. Respect reinforces the importance of accepting each other as individuals and embracing the differences you each bring to the relationship. 
Developing Respect
One way to develop respect in a relationship is to practice active listening. Active listening involves attentively hearing and responding to a person’s thoughts, without judgement or criticism. Take your time to listen and understand the other person’s perspective, and be patient and empathetic. Notice the words they use and validate their feelings while allowing them to express their opinion. 
Another way to cultivate respect is to take accountability for your mistakes. We all make mistakes, but taking accountability for wrongdoings shows that you value your relationship and are willing to take responsibility for your actions. Showing ownership of your actions will also enable healthy communication and resolution of issues. 
Finally, respect your partner’s boundaries. Everyone has different boundaries and comfort levels, so it is important to be mindful of your partner’s. Show respect for their boundaries by honoring their values and beliefs and being clear about what you are and are not comfortable with. 
By implementing these strategies to develop respect, you and your partner can use mutual respect as the foundation for a solid and healthy relationship. Establishing a foundation of respect provides a platform to identify and prioritize your goals and values in the relationship.