Saving for Financial Emergencies in Couple Relationships
Money matters can be a major source of stress in relationships, and that stress can become even more acute when an unexpected financial emergency arises. To put your relationship on the strongest possible footing, it’s important for couples to discuss how to handle financial emergencies before they happen. 
The first step is to identify what counts as a financial emergency. A financial emergency could be anything from an unexpected medical bill to a major car repair to a job loss. It’s a good idea for couples to sit down and brainstorm the unexpected costs they’re likely to face and then prioritize the ones they might need to save for. 
Once couples have identified potential financial emergencies, they should talk about the best way to manage the money to cover these expenses. Setting a goal to have a certain amount in their emergency savings account can help keep them motivated and make saving easier. Setting up automatic transfers or taking a specific amount of money out of each paycheck can make saving an effortless part of their budget. If a financial emergency is already making it difficult to pay bills, couples should consider any available emergency funds or loan options.
Couples should also discuss how to work together to deal with a financial emergency if and when it arises. When facing an emergency, couples are likely to need to make shared decisions about how to cover their bills and prioritize other expenses. When discussing how to manage their finances through a financial emergency, it’s important for each partner to understand how important both their contributions can be in making decisions and finding a solution. 
Dealing with financial emergencies can be difficult, but talking about how to manage them as a couple can help couples feel prepared for whatever comes their way. With preparation, couples can make sure that financial emergencies don’t cause any additional stress in their relationship.