Title: How to Establish Financial Boundaries in a Relationship
Subtitle: Setting Guidelines for Spending and Saving to Strengthen Your Relationship 
Boundaries are an essential part of any relationship and establishing financial boundaries between yourself and your partner can help strengthen and foster trust. Having financial boundaries allows both partners to be comfortable in their roles financially, and it can even help prevent resentment, expectations, and issues that could arise later on. Establishing financial boundaries should always be done collaboratively and should be discussed openly. Below are guidelines and tips to help you set financial boundaries in your relationship. 
1. Talk openly and honestly about your finances. Discussing the financial situation of both parties and talking openly about the amount of money available to spend and save will help create a common understanding. Both parties should feel comfortable talking about their financial situation and be willing to compromise.
2. Create a budget. Creating a budget together is a great way to establish financial boundaries. Discuss wants and needs and decide as a couple how much of the available money will be spent and how much will be saved. 
3. Set limits for spending and saving. Establishing limits for spending and saving is important for creating financial boundaries. Decide as a couple how much each will be able to spend on individual items and how much will be set aside for savings. Stick to the limits that were set and commit to saving the established amount each month.
4. Allow each other to have separate accounts. It is important to respect each other’s independence and allowing each other to have separate accounts can help achieve that. This can also help each partner feel comfortable and secure in their financial decisions.
5. Have a contingency plan. Emergencies can happen and it is important to have a plan in place for those times. Discuss ahead of time what would happen in the case of an emergency and how both parties will handle it.
Establishing financial boundaries in a relationship can help foster trust and respect between partners. Setting these limits and guidelines will help both parties feel secure and comfortable in their roles and ultimately help strengthen the relationship. Openly discussing finances is essential and having a plan in place for when emergencies occur is necessary for any functioning relationship.