How to Find Support When Stress Hits Your Relationship
By: Jane Smith
When stress affects your relationship with your partner, it can lead to feelings of isolation and pressure. While there are many sources of stress, such as work, finances, and health issues, it’s important to remember that you don’t have to tackle the problems alone. Exploring supportive relationships and coping strategies can help you to manage your stress and support your partner during difficult times.
When it comes to finding support, many couples find that close friends or family members can offer a listening ear and additional perspectives. Reaching out to these relationships can help provide support and guidance, help to manage current and future stressors, and even allow time away from your partner while they also gain support.
If the issues you’re facing are mainly related to your relationship, couples therapy can be a great way to develop communication and coping strategies. Professional help and guidance can equip couples with the insight and skills necessary to work through areas of stress, and can increase understanding and deepening of your relationship. 
In addition to external sources of support, couples can also work together to support each other during difficult times. Having conversations about shared goals, values, and ways to manage stress can be beneficial. Fostering a sense of understanding, including having empathy for one another and being willing to compromise, can enable couples to better understand each other, have difficult conversations, and come to compromise and agreement. 
Finally, couples who find themselves in mutually stressful situations may benefit from participating in activities that promote relaxation and de-stressing. Taking up a hobby, getting regular exercise, or engaging in mindfulness practices can be beneficial. Moreover, spending quality time together without the pressure of talking about stressors can give couples the time and space to reconnect and nurture their partnership. 
By exploring and creating supportive relationships and strategies, couples can find the tools to manage their stress and enjoy a healthy, loving relationship.