Constructively
How to Accept Criticism from a Partner and Grow from it
By Matt Hunter
We all know that criticism can be a difficult thing to hear, especially from someone we are close to such as our partner. Criticism can often lead to feeling disrespected, invalidated, and hurt. However, the ability to accept and learn from criticism from our SO is an important step in building self-esteem and developing a healthier relationship.
Building our self-esteem relies on the ability to accept constructive criticism and grow. The key thing to remember is that criticism is not the same as criticism. Constructive criticism is designed to help us, while criticism is designed to hurt us and is not intended to be taken seriously. When we are able to accept criticism in a positive and healthy way, we are then able to learn from it and work on our faults. 
To accept criticism, the first step is to remind yourself that your partner is coming from a place of love and care. If they weren't, they wouldn't be taking the time to help you grow. Remembering this fact can help us stay open to the criticism. Then, take a few moments to evaluate what you are being told. Do your best to recognize the validity of the criticism, as well as the positive aspects of the advice being given. This will help you to see the criticism for what it is - an opportunity to grow.
The next step is to be assertive. Being assertive is key in any relationship, as it helps you to voice your needs and wants in a respectful way. Letting your partner know that you appreciate their opinion, but allowing them to know where you stand and why, will help them understand where you are coming from. Additionally, it is important to ask for clarification if you don’t understand. This will help prevent any miscommunication and ensure that you understand the criticism being given. 
Finally, it is important to take action. Once you have accepted the criticism, it is important to commit to changing and growing. Set achievable goals and do your best to stick to them. The more we practice changing our behavior in response to criticism, the more we are able to grow and the more our self-esteem will improve.
Learning how to accept criticism from our partner is an essential skill in any relationship. Not only does it help us to grow, but it also helps us to build our self-esteem and create a stronger and healthier connection with our partner. With just a few basic steps and an open heart, we can improve our self-esteem and build a healthier relationship.