Title: How to Take Responsibility and Create a Healthy Relationship 
Subtitle: Understanding the Impact of Self-Awareness and Accountability 
It’s easy to take your partner for granted, or simply lose sight of the impact your actions can have when in a steady relationship. Taking the time to develop self-awareness and learn how to take responsibility for your actions is a vital part of any successful relationship. 
Self-awareness is key to understanding how your behaviour can affect those around you, both in a positive and negative way. It would be helpful to spend some time reflecting on your behaviours and emotions and consider how they’re impacting the relationship and your partner. Becoming aware of how you contribute to the relationship and taking responsibility for your actions is a cornerstone in developing better and healthier relationships.
Before taking responsibility for your actions, try to understand the root cause behind why you do the things you do. Do you react defensively when your partner brings up a point of contention? Do you lash out when your partner is trying to resolve a point of disagreement? Taking the time to evaluate and understand the underlying cause of your actions is the first step in being able to respond in a more meaningful, productive way. 
Once you've identified the cause behind your behaviour, it's time to own up to it and accept responsibility for your actions. This means accepting that your actions have consequences, both positive and negative, and that it is ultimately up to you to take responsibility and show accountability for your words and deeds. Taking responsibility begins with simple acts such as apologizing when appropriate and being willing to listen and engage in meaningful dialogue when conflicts arise. Showing that you’re committed to working through tough issues and taking responsibility for your part in them can be incredibly rewarding and help build trust in the relationship.
Learning to be self-aware and accepting responsibility for your part in the relationship is an incredibly important aspect of creating a healthy, lasting relationship with your partner. Developing a greater understanding of your own behaviour and responding in a constructive manner to conflicts can go a long way in strengthening your relationship with your partner.