Burnout: How to Recognize the Signs in Your Relationship and What To Do Next 
We have all experienced stress and anxiety at one point in our lives. But sometimes, that stress and anxiety can become so unmanageable that we start to experience burnout. This can be especially true in relationships, as the stress and demands of day-to-day life can often snowball as we move through life together. 
Recognizing the symptoms of burnout in yourself and your partner is the first step to tackling it, so that you can move past it and come out stronger in the end. Recognizing the signs of burnout is easier said than done, but the more you know, the better. 
When burnout rears its head in a relationship, it can manifest itself in different ways, so it’s important to look out for changes in behavior that could be indicators of a problem. Feeling overwhelmed and irritable, as well as feeling like you don’t have enough energy for the tasks that need to be done, can be signs of burnout. It can also be extremely difficult to concentrate and stay on task. 
Taking a step back and recognizing what is causing the burnout is key. Identifying the sources of stress, whether it’s work, family issues or even relationship issues, can help you better understand how to address the problem. 
Once the source of the burnout has been identified, it is important to equally divide the stress between the couple and to work together to come up with coping strategies to reduce the symptoms. This could include setting aside time for just the two of you, communicating more openly about your feelings, or even taking a break from each other to find some peace and quiet. 
It’s also important to recognize that sometimes you and your partner can’t do it all on your own and it is ok to seek external help from a professional. In fact, having someone else to talk to can often help to gain perspective and provide valuable insight.
Burnout can be difficult to deal with and it can cause a great deal of stress, but it is also important to remember that it doesn’t have to be a long-term problem. With a little bit of effort and understanding, it is possible to reduce the symptoms of burnout and come out of it feeling refreshed and ready to tackle the next challenge.