Title: Why Active Listening Is Vital in Healthy Relationships 
Subtitle: Listening To Understand Rather Than Respond 
In any relationship, especially a romantic one, having active listening skills is essential for communication, understanding, and growth. Active listening involves attentive and purposeful listening from the perspective of the other person, hearing what the other person is saying and where they are coming from. It is a two-way exchange of dialogue between two people, where each person is attempting to understand both the content and the feelings of the other to gain a better idea of issues, develop strategies, and move forward in the relationship. 
When two people in a relationship actively listen to each other, it is more likely to create an atmosphere in which both parties can trust the other person and feel safe and comfortable discussing their concerns. It is also furthers emotional growth and strengthens the relationship by fostering empathy and understanding. 
Unfortunately, listening to understand each other is not always the first choice in a relationship, especially when in a heated argument or disagreement. Many times, one or both parties are looking to have the final word, convince the other person of their point of view, or attempt to prove they are right. This is not a productive goal. Instead of listening to understand and accept the person's point of view, it shifts to listening to respond and further a particular argument or opinion. 
Listening to understand allows both parties the opportunity to express themselves freely, without criticism or judgement. It preserves the relationship by promoting a sense of mutual respect and collaboration, versus the hostility of two people wanting to be "right." Active listening and understanding are essential for mutual understanding, compromise, and compromise, which are all key elements required for a relationship to be successful. 
When in a couples or romantic relationship, it is important to take the time to listen to each other and understand how the other person feels. Without active listening and understanding, it can be difficult for two people in a relationship to reach a resolution or have meaningful conversations. Listening to understand rather than respond is key to making any relationship healthy and productive.