Setting Goals for the Relationship: Prioritizing What Matters Most
When many couples enter into a relationship, they often have a list of goals they want to achieve together. Whether it’s discussing a vacation they want to take, settling on a savings plan to purchase a home, or making plans to start a family, having goals to work toward can be a great source of motivation and can give purpose to a relationship. 
However, couples quickly realize that goal-setting can also be intimidating. With the sheer amount of goals couples can set, it can often be hard to decide which objectives should take priority over others. It’s important for couples to take the time to discuss how to prioritize their goals so that they can make sure the objectives they choose to focus on first are the ones that are most important to both of them. 
The first step in prioritizing goals is to discuss them openly with your partner. Take some time to list out all the goals that you two would like to achieve for your relationship, whether it’s five years down the road or five days from now. Having a clear idea of the number of goals that you two want to work on will help you determine which ones are most important.
Next, assess your current life circumstances. What are the obstacles that are currently standing in your way of achieving your goals? Which goals need to be addressed in the immediate future, and which ones can be pushed back to a later date? Prioritizing your goals by taking into account the current situation you’re in will help you create a more realistic timeline for achieving them.
Finally, talk to your partner about what matters the most to both of you. What goals do you have that are the most important to you both? Discuss the various aspects of each goal and what would need to be done in order to make each one happen. This will help you decide which goals need to be your primary focus and which ones can wait until later.
By taking the time to prioritize your relationship goals and discuss how to achieve them, you two can make sure that the objectives you choose to focus on are the ones that will be the most beneficial to your relationship. With a clear plan in place, you can work together to make sure you’re tackling the goals that are most important to you both in a timely manner.