Respect for Each Other's Perspectives: The Foundation of Emotional Support in Relationships 
Many couples fail to realize the importance of providing emotional support to each other within their relationship. Despite the fact that it is much easier to project criticism or judgment than to give love and support, individual’s that make an effort to understand each other’s perspective and offer support can foster a relationship that is based on respect, mutual understanding, and trust. 
One of the most important aspects of providing emotional support within a relationship is respecting each other’s perspectives. People often struggle to fully comprehend the thoughts, feelings and decisions of their partner because they may not be fully aware of the context or circumstances they are responding to. In order to better understand and support each other, couples must be patient, open to listening, and willing to learn more about each other’s life experiences. 
When two people are willing to both ask questions and listen to the answers, they can begin to get a better grasp of the ways their partner is perceiving the world. This provides an opportunity for both individuals to gain a greater understanding of how their partner thinks, what motivates them, and which life experiences help dictate their thoughts, feelings and decisions. 
Once couples are able to establish a strong respect of each other’s perspectives, they can start to move into a space of deep understanding, connection and mutual support. Without this basic level of respect, it can be difficult to navigate deep conversations, provide insight, and offer emotional support that is truly meaningful and beneficial. 
No relationship is perfectly balanced nor is it without its struggles, however couples that are able to establish and maintain a sense of understanding and respect for each other’s perspectives often find themselves in a position to provide meaningful emotional support and build stronger, healthier relationships.