The Power of Shared Values: Promoting Intimacy in Relationships 
Intimacy is an important part of any healthy relationship, whether it be with a partner, friend, or family member. For couples, physical and emotional intimacy can be of great benefit to both individuals in a relationship and can lead to greater levels of connection and understanding. However, in order for these connections to be meaningful, couples must have a shared set of values in order to foster intimacy.
When a couple has shared values, it allows them to open up to one another. With shared values, the couple is more likely to be accepting of differences in opinion and approaches to life, since they both have a similar understanding of the importance of certain things. This acceptance and understanding can lead to more open discussions, allowing both individuals to express themselves without fear of judgment or attack. With a greater degree of vulnerability comes more trust and feelings of security, as both partners know that their feelings, ideas, and perspectives will be respected.
Shared values also promote intimacy by creating a common ground for expressing and maintaining physical affection. For instance, with relationships that view physical and emotional intimacy as equally important, both partners are more likely to engage in physical activities that help create and maintain further connection, such as snuggling on the couch or sharing a passionate kiss. This shared understanding can also lead to a more fulfilling physical relationship, as both partners are on the same page when it comes to both the level and type of physical connection desired.
Ultimately, shared values are an essential part of fostering intimacy in relationships. By having a set of agreed-upon values, couples are more likely to be accepting of one another, to openly discuss a variety of topics, and to have a more fulfilling physical and emotional relationship. In many ways, having shared values is key to creating a strong, intimate bond between two people.