Title: Building Self-Esteem in Relationships – Understanding the Difference between Self-Esteem and Self-Confidence 
Having a strong sense of self-esteem is important when it comes to having a healthy relationship with your significant other. It’s not only necessary for both individuals in the relationship to have good self-esteem but also necessary to nurture it in the relationship. In order to do this, it’s important to first understand the difference between self-esteem and self-confidence. 
Self-esteem is your overall opinion of yourself and is a key factor in determining your happiness, success, and motivation. It underlies who you are and affects your thinking, decisions, and behavior in all areas of life. On the other hand, self-confidence is the belief that you can achieve goals, handle challenging situations, and live up to your own expectations of yourself. 
The two concepts are often thought to be the same, but understanding the difference between the two can help couples to build self-esteem in their relationships. Self-confidence is optional- you can choose to have it or not and it can change depending on the situation. Self-esteem, however, is something that must be nurtured and can’t be changed depending on the circumstances. 
To build self-esteem in a relationship, it’s important to have honest conversations about what’s going on in the relationship. Acknowledge both successes and failures and provide support and understanding. It’s also important to focus on what each individual brings to the table and be sure to celebrate each other’s successes. When difficulties arise, try to offer solutions and support, instead of devaluation or criticism. Respect and appreciate each other’s differences, preferences, and interests to build a strong, healthy relationship.
In order to build a healthy, lasting relationship, it’s important to understand the difference between self-esteem and self-confidence and how to nurture self-esteem in the relationship. With honest conversations, support, and understanding, couples can foster a relationship that is rooted in respect and appreciation for each other.