Title: Stress Impacts Self-Care: The Importance of Prioritizing Self-Care in Couples and Girlfriend/Boyfriend Relationships 
When couples or those in a girlfriend/boyfriend relationship discuss and tackle difficult topics, it’s important to delve into the issues that can impact one’s ability to prioritize self-care. In particular, understanding how stress can interfere with the ability to take care of oneself can be key in order to plan and address areas of improvement. 
Stress is defined as a state of mental or emotional strain or tension resulting from adverse or demanding circumstances. Stress can be caused by various factors, both in and outside of one’s personal relationships. Factors such as work, school, finances, family, and mental health can all contribute to stress outside of relationships. Meanwhile, within relationships, disagreements, expectations, and communication issues can be causes of stress. 
It may seem counterintuitive, but stress can lead to an increased difficulty in maintaining a healthy lifestyle. For example, if one is facing stress related to a romantic relationship, they might resort to unhealthy coping mechanisms such as overeating, not sleeping, or drinking too much. Increased stress levels can also lead to other habits such as overworking, neglecting exercise or outside hobbies, or discontinuing self-care routines such as skincare or hair care. 
When talking to partners about the importance of self-care, it’s important to discuss the ways in which stress can impact one’s ability to prioritize those needs. Carving out time for unwinding, practicing mindfulness, getting adequate sleep and nutrition, scheduling time for self-care, and taking time out of the relationship to focus on oneself can be important for both physical and mental health. 
It’s also important for both partners to recognize when stress is impacting the relationship, and be willing to discuss the various factors that can lead to an increased dependence on unhealthy coping mechanisms in order to regain balance. Starting the conversation about the importance of self-care even when times are tough can be the key to a healthy relationship, and a reminder to both partners that taking care of oneself can lead to a healthier, happier relationship.