How Technology is Impacting Couples' Communication 
In today's tech-obsessed world, it can be difficult for couples to avoid the negative effects that technology can have on communication. With the growing number of opportunities for distraction, it can be easy for couples to get sidetracked during conversations or avoid communicating at all. 
The most common issue that couples face when it comes to communicating with each other is that technology provides a distraction. Whether it's checking emails, text messages, or social media, technology can easily make it difficult for couples to stay focused on each other while they are having conversations. This can lead to communication breakdowns and lead to one or both partners feeling disconnected.
The other issue that couples need to be aware of is how technology can interfere with the quality of their communication. Technology can often lead to miscommunication or misunderstandings because it can be hard to get across tone and emotion through text or other forms of writing. Additionally, because technology can make it easy for couples to communicate with each other or other people instantly, it can be difficult to take the time to think through what you are going to say and how it might be received. 
Fortunately, there are a few ways that couples can address the impact of technology on their communication. One of the best ways to do this is to agree on times when both partners will disconnect from their technology in order to dedicate their full attention to each other. Setting aside time to check in with each other without outside distractions can help couples to foster deeper, more meaningful connections and also make sure that no one is relying on text or social media for their conversations. Additionally, it can be helpful for couples to take the time to practice active listening, expressing feelings, and resolving conflicts. This will help ensure that couples are better able to communicate with each other effectively, even when technology provides a distraction. 
By taking the time to be mindful of the role that technology plays in their communication, couples can make sure that it doesn't interfere with their ability to connect with each other.