Taking accountability for your actions and seeking help is an excellent first step. I wonder where the anger is coming from. Learning what is at
the root of it can shed some light on what the problem is and can provide some
relief in itself. I would also suggest doing some self-exploration and see a
therapist for individual sessions in order to gain a clearer insight as to what
the cause is. There are also several actions you can take on your own to help
control your anger and communicate more effectively. Here is what I would recommend
you try:
Take time outs: When you feel yourself becoming upset, excuse yourself and
take a time out to either think about the most appropriate course of
action or redirect your thoughts all together. Often when we become
angry, it is difficult to see the issue clearly, as our emotions get in
the way. 
Do deep breathing exercises: Close your eyes. Breathe in slowly to the
count of 4. Breathe out even slower to the count of 6. Practice this for about
5 minutes, 3 times a day and focus on nothing except your breathing during this
time. Once it becomes routine for you, it will be easier to apply during
situations in which you are angry or upset.
Change negative thought patterns: Try and recall or be aware of your
thoughts, particularly when you are feeling angry. What are these thoughts
telling you? Are they valid or logical? Is there factual evidence to support
the negative thoughts? Often the answer is "no." Learn to stop the
negative thoughts and replace them with logical and more positive
ones. 
Communicate effectively: As a speaker, you want to use "I"
statements by telling the other person how you feel instead of blaming him/her
by using "you" statements. For example, you might say something such
as, "I feel sad when you don't come home at a decent hour and I don't get
to spend time with you" versus "You always stay out late and don't
even care about me." The speaker should also avoid using black and white
language such as always, never, etc. As the listener, you want to validate what
you hear so that the other person knows that you are listening. You will also want
to be responsive and offer fair solutions.
I wish you luck in using these tools and learning about where your anger comes
from.

