You have
several things going on here. The sleep should be addressed with a primary care
physician to rule out any physical issues. Sleep is the big reset and allows us
to function in the day. What happens during a depression is that our thoughts
race and it is as though our “brain won’t shut off.” Medication can help with
this. I also use a Pranayama yoga breathing technique called the four
fold breath which has great usefulness for relaxing us  and often does work quite well with allowing
us to sleep.. You can read about it here:    https://billleavitttherapy.com/breathing-techniques-the-four-fold-breath/Your
thoughts on feeling worthless to everyone fall under a heading of thinking
error in Cognitive Behavioral Therapy (CBT) known as overgeneralization. In CBT
thoughts lead to emotions, so we are going to pick the statement apart and then
reframe it. First list
the evidence that contradicts the thought. Has anyone in the past made positive
comments toward you? This might be hard to recall if we are in a rut, but at
some point in life we frequently have had some positives expressed towards us
by others.  “Everyone” is an absolute. The
specifics on why you are thinking this need to be addressed. How are you
arriving at this conclusion? There may be specific people that we want more
validation from. Or specific people might have made offhand hurtful comments, (such
as a family member, teacher or co-worker) but if I extrapolate that to a global
and think that everyone thinks I am worthless, that thought is not rooted in
facts.  
What are
the Pros and Cons of thinking this way? What are the Benefits and Costs? There
are very little pros or benefits to thinking this way. It’s just going to
continue to tear you down and make you feel bad. So can we reframe the thought
about the situation? Is there another way of looking at the situation? Again,
we need the specifics on how you are arriving at this conclusion, and a one on
one therapist can definitely help you with this, but the thinking that you are
using to arrive at the conclusion needs to be re-cast into a more helpful
mindset.

