I can relate! When things are going badly, I feel like my life has
always been and will always be that way. (But I also do this when things are
going well. That is, I forget how good things can turn bad. Personally, to
avoid this emotional roller-coaster, I try and heed the famous advice by author
and feminist Rita Mae Brown: "One of the keys to happiness is a bad
memory."So maybe this weakness of your for forgetting is really a
strength! It sounds a lot like living in the moment to me. And while it’s hard
to manage my past and my future, the moment seems like a small enough piece of
temporal real estate to sort out. So that’s the “what” of my answer. The “how”
goes like this: Choose one from column A, two from column B, and three from
column C in the following chart. Then try doing them for as long as you can.
Then see what happens.A                                            B                                                  CGratitude                                Forgiveness                                 AppreciationExpectations                           Meditation                                    ExerciseBitterness                               Distraction                                    Volunteering
Resentment                            Substances                                  WorryRegret                                    Possessions                                 PessimismShame                                    Desire                                          SuperstitionRage                                      Isolation                                        WishingSelf-loathing                           Criticism                                       Withholding If you feel as though what you
think and believe are out of your control, or that your values were imposed on
you, or that nothing good will ever happen again, then we will have to
respectfully disagree. You’ve ask a very deep and insightful question, proving
that your hope has gotten you this far. Hang onto that hope because I’m an
example of things working out despite my previous way of looking at my life.Instead of “convincing”
yourself that you’re okay when you’re not, how about calling it “accepting
yourself as okay just the way you are, without judging your okayness.” You
probably have high standards (perfectionism?) and that’s a thing to talk with a
counselor about. The opposite of perfect is not horrible. It’s called “good
enough.”Blocking out the bad things and
forgetting is as natural as eating and sleeping. All the other mammals do it
(except when it comes to life-threatening bad things) so why shouldn’t we? This
might be called optimism.
Feeling alone and uncared for
is a worse feeling than being despised. This is good! This means (I suppose)
that you don’t despise yourself as much as you just don’t care for you (because
we can often project our own self-beliefs onto others). This is an abstract
concept that will take some time to get used to. But I have a suspicion that,
with just a little more self-care, and a little more caring for others, you
might be better off very soon.

