This is something I have
had to address with individuals often since working with couples is one of my
practice's focuses.  The answer can depend upon several reasons all which
tend to be explored while in session.  If you or your counselor utilizes
an integral approach, in which one of the main premises makes sure to check the
four irreducible perspectives (subjective, intersubjective, objective and
interobjective – also known as the four quadrants) in determining where the
challenges are, it then becomes possible to identify what might be contributing
to or causing the challenge as well as offering up ways to address the
situation.In this case, from the upper-right
or behavioral and physical perspective, we would want to make sure there is no
physical limitation or ailment meaning that you would need to visit your doctor
and have the basics checked (such as blood pressure.  We would also look at particular behaviors to
see if you are doing something with is effecting performance (such as
masturbating often or being influenced by pornography). Next we would look at the
upper left quadrant (thoughts, cognitions, identity, feelings) to look at what
is going on here both during sexual activities and at other times.  If you are worried about your job, your
family or under immense pressure to perform at work or while intimate, this can
contribute to your situation.  From there
we would turn to the lower left quadrant (cultural rules and tools) to see who
you have learned to interpret challenges that come up during sex and look for
ways to shift, update and/or reshape the way you view sex and its
challenges.  It would be here that we
would see whether one is even comfortable using a service like counseling based
upon how your family/culture of origin views the profession. Finally, we would need to
account for challenges that show up in the lower right quadrant (systems, laws,
rules of society) such as your economic ability to try services and products as
well as whether such services and products were even available.  Once we have rolled through these areas it
then becomes possible to look at which aspects might need to be looked at
further in a more meaningful way to help you change a perspective or if just
getting a blood pressure medication is all you need.To sum your question then
of why you can’t keep an erection we would need to look at your thoughts (look
at your actual thoughts during the act as well as before and after), look at
your behaviors, look at your physical body for issues, look at where you picked
up your rules and tools (culture) and look at your ability to access goods and
services.  They all contribute equally
and need to be taken into account.  So - as you can see, there is no one possible answer to this, but several.  I hope this helps.

