First, congratulations on your new job.  Apparently your employers think highly of you, since they hired you!You say that "people keep telling" you that you have "anxiety" - how do they know?  Have you told others you are sometimes upset or nervous?  Have you been treated for anxiety?  Or is that a perception that others have that you haven't been able to counter?It's a new job, and it requires you to do new things, in new places, with new people.  Being nervous is not just normal, it may actually help you be on your toes and do a good job.  Unless YOU think you have anxiety, do not let others predict your future.If you believe you are anxious, get in to see a therapist and address it.  Anxiety is very treatable, and you don't have to suffer with it - but you do have to acknowledge it and work towards health.However....If, in  your experience, this is more a nervous energy than an anxiety issue, there are things you can do to address it:  Make sure you take good care of yourself, especially in the first month or two of the new job.  That means eating well, getting adequate rest, moving your body (walking, swimming, dancing, etc) every day, and staying in touch with friends and family who are positive and supportive.Below is an article I wrote that might give you more tips too.A quick way to combat stressDo you ever feel like your brain is"bouncy" and won't settle down? Your brain, that magnificent machine, is notmuch different than the brain that kept your ancestors alive in dangeroussituations.  Today, though you may notneed to worry about a mountain lion having you for dinner, other stresses areperceived and processed just you’re the physical dangers your ancestors faced.That means a looming deadline or a fight withyour partner creates the same "fight/flight/freeze" response thatsaved your ancestor way back in the day. If you "burned off" that adrenaline and cortisol cocktail byrunning or fighting off a predator, you would feel the relief and exhaustionbut you would have also metabolized the stress chemicals that are meant to keepyou alive. However, when there is no physical response tothe stressor your body is "all wound up with no place to go".  Over time this creates not only the"bouncy brain" feeling of distractibility and distress, but canmanifest itself in physical ailments.It’s impossible to avoid stress forever, butsometimes you just need a way to relieve the pressures of life for a moment.Here's a quick way to settle your brain into a feeling of rest instead ofdistress:Put one hand on your chest at collarbone leveland one on your belly just under your naval. Now, take a slow deep breath filling your abdomen with air, just likeyou would fill a glass with water...from the bottom up.  When you are full of air, pause for just amoment and really feel the fullness. Then slowly exhale, just like you would pour water out, from the topdown.  Pause again at "empty"and feel the relief of space.  Repeat for5-10 cycles.If you find yourself feeling stressed anddistressed too often, and you are a California resident, let’s talk!  Book a complimentary 15 minute video consulthere: abalancedapproach.com

